# Virtual bank account numbers

## Learn best practices for using Virtual Bank Account Numbers (VBANs) for reconciliation on Stripe.

Virtual Bank Account Numbers (VBANs) are an important part of the bank transfers
payment method. To accept funds from a bank transfer, Stripe issues a VBAN to
your customer. When the customer transfers money to that VBAN, Stripe
automatically allocates the funds to the customer’s cash balance. After these
funds arrive on the customer’s cash balance, Stripe carries out further
reconciliation steps to associate the funds with the correct PaymentIntent or
Invoice.

After a customer has been allocated a VBAN, it belongs to them forever. Any
additional funds that are sent to that VBAN are automatically added to
customer’s cash balance. Because VBANs are permanent, it’s important to
understand their limits and best practices for using them.

## Allocation

There are several ways to allocate a VBAN to a customer.

- When you create and confirm a **PaymentIntent** with the customer balance
payment method, Stripe looks for an existing VBAN that is assigned to the
customer and for the country specified in the request. If the customer does not
have an appropriate VBAN, Stripe generates a new VBAN for the customer.
- When you create a new **Invoice** with the customer balance payment method,
Stripe looks for an existing VBAN that matches the country and is assigned to
the customer specified in the request. If the customer does not have an
appropriate VBAN, Stripe generates a new VBAN for the customer.
- The [Funding Instructions
API](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/customer-balance/funding-instructions)
creates VBANs without requiring an existing PaymentIntent or Invoice. You can
use this API when you don’t expect payment from a customer yet but still want to
create a new VBAN for them.

## Limits and Best Practices

When you integrate with bank transfers, only request a VBAN for a customer if
they’re likely to make a payment using a bank transfer. In these cases, you only
generate a VBAN when creating a PaymentIntent or a Invoice.

Don’t assign VBANs to inactive customers or make VBAN allocation part of your
registration flow.

Due to regional differences in VBAN availability, Stripe enforces different
limits per region. If you need more VBANs than the limits allow, please [reach
out to our support team](https://support.stripe.com/).

RegionLimitsUSWe allow up to 5,000 new VBANs every 24 hours.UKWe allow up to
2,000 new VBANs every 24 hours.EUWe allow up to 5,000 new VBANs every 24 hours
and enforce a lifetime limit of 50,000 VBANs per account. Stripe also charges [a
fee](https://stripe.com/pricing/local-payment-methods) for every new VBAN
allocation over 1,000 allocations made in the EU.JPWe allow up to 1,000 new
VBANs every 24 hours.MXWe allow up to 1,000 new VBANs every 24 hours.

## Links

- [Funding Instructions
API](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/customer-balance/funding-instructions)
- [reach out to our support team](https://support.stripe.com/)
- [a fee](https://stripe.com/pricing/local-payment-methods)