# Trial balance

## View and analyze account balances over specific periods with the trial balance report.

The [trial
balance](https://dashboard.stripe.com/revenue-recognition/trial-balance) lists
the balances of the accounts at a specific point in time (as of a specific date)
and ensures the total of the debit accounts equals the total of the credit
accounts.

When you’re ready to close an accounting period, you can start by preparing a
trial balance report. Running a trial balance is an important step when book
closing because it helps summarize all the transactions for the period, showing
the balances in each account. It ensures that the total debits and credits are
equal, which confirms that the books are balanced.

![Trial
balance](https://b.stripecdn.com/docs-statics-srv/assets/trial-balance.7dcb7429b24b35ebc1d1300cb8b93d56.png)

## Trial balance report

The trial balance report lets you review the starting balance, net change, and
ending balance for each account. In the report, positive numbers represent
debits, and negative numbers shown in parentheses `()` represent credits.

Columns Description General ledger accountYour general ledger account if it’s
mapped in Stripe using the [map to your chart of
accounts](https://docs.stripe.com/revenue-recognition/chart-of-accounts)
feature, or default [Stripe
accounts](https://docs.stripe.com/revenue-recognition/methodology)Starting
balanceBalance at the start of the selected accounting periodNet changeNet
change due to the activity in the selected accounting periodEnding
balanceBalance at the end of the selected accounting periodGL codeThe number
corresponding to the GL accounts
The Account Balance changes shown in the Trial Balance report will reconcile
with other Revenue Recognition reports like Income Statement, Balance sheet
report, Debits and Credits report for the same time period and currency. With
the Debits and Credits report, you will have to add change amount in Debit and
deduct change amount in Credit to arrive at the net change in amount during that
period. This will reconcile with the Net change amount in Trial Balance.

## Links

- [trial
balance](https://dashboard.stripe.com/revenue-recognition/trial-balance)
- [map to your chart of
accounts](https://docs.stripe.com/revenue-recognition/chart-of-accounts)
- [Stripe accounts](https://docs.stripe.com/revenue-recognition/methodology)