# Embed the payment methods settings componentPrivate preview

## Embed a payment methods settings component into your website.

After you integrate with [dynamic payment
methods](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/dynamic-payment-methods), you can embed
the payment methods settings component into your website to allow your users to
manage their payment methods without the need to access the Stripe Dashboard.

The component uses the [Payment Method
Configurations](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/payment-method-configurations)
and [Account Capabilities](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/account-capabilities)
APIs to capture your connected accountsâ€™ payment method setting preferences. The
component is a low-code, customizable alternative to building a custom payment
method settings UI for your connected accounts.

[Enable dynamic payment
methods](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/embed-payment-method-settings#enable-dynamic-payment-methods)
Follow the steps in [upgrading to dynamic payment
methods](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/dynamic-payment-methods).

[Integrate with Connect embedded
components](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/embed-payment-method-settings#integrate-with-connect-embedded-components)
[Request
access](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/supported-embedded-components/payment-method-settings#request-access)
to the embedded component preview and learn how to [integrate with Payment
Method
Configurations](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/supported-embedded-components/payment-method-settings#integration).

[Have your connected accounts enable payment
methods](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/embed-payment-method-settings#have-your-connected-accounts-enable-payment-methods)
Your connected accounts can use the component to enable payment methods and
provide compliance information without the need to access the Stripe Dashboard.
If a connected account needs to provide additional compliance information to use
a payment method, the component prompts them for the information and collects it
up-front.

#### Note

We support the following payment methods in the embedded component:

Affirm, Afterpay Clearpay, Amazon Pay, Apple Pay, Bancontact, BLIK, Cards, EPS,
Google Pay, iDEAL, Klarna, Link, P24, Sofort, and Zip.

## See also

- [Connect integration guide](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/charges)
- [Upgrading to dynamic payment
methods](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/dynamic-payment-methods)

## Links

- [dynamic payment
methods](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/dynamic-payment-methods)
- [Payment Method
Configurations](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/payment-method-configurations)
- [Account Capabilities](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/account-capabilities)
- [Request
access](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/supported-embedded-components/payment-method-settings#request-access)
- [integrate with Payment Method
Configurations](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/supported-embedded-components/payment-method-settings#integration)
- [Connect integration guide](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/charges)