# Stripe Reader S700 accessories

## Learn about Stripe's accessory line for Stripe Reader S700.

Available in: 
## S700 Case

The S700 Case protects your Stripe Reader S700 against damage from drops at
countertop height. Its compact design allows your customers to access all
payment methods (tap, chip, and swipe). You can access the headphone jack, USB
port, and volume buttons without removing the case.

The S700 Case is also compatible with the S700 Dock. This allows you to protect
your reader if you transition from docked to mobile applications.

!

S700 Case

!

S700 Case with reader

## S700 Hub

The S700 Hub provides drop-in I/O expansion to your POS configuration. The
10/100M LAN port provides physical ethernet connectivity. Additionally, if you
need USB connectivity between your POS and peripheral devices such as cash
drawers, printers, or barcode scanners, the S700 Hub has 2x USB-A ports. The
communication ports on the hub are activated when the Stripe Reader S700 is
connected to the hub. Use of alternative hubs might result in unreliable
communication or charging of the Stripe Reader S700.

#### Warning

The S700 Hub doesn’t connect Stripe Reader S700 to peripheral devices, such as a
barcode scanner or printer. It connects peripheral devices to your POS device,
such as a tablet or cash register.

The S700 Hub provides power to Stripe Reader S700 and connected peripherals
through a built-in 6 foot USB-C cable. We recommend using the power adapter
supplied with Stripe Reader S700 for full power capabilities. If you need an
additional or replacement power adapter, order the S700 Charger in the [Stripe
Dashboard](https://dashboard.stripe.com/terminal/shop).

The S700 Hub can provide a total of 1A shared between the two USB-A ports.
Accessories that require high power, such as printers, must have their own power
source. Different devices such as cell phones might require different charging
protocols that aren’t supported by the S700 Hub.

!

S700 Hub

!

Hub with Stripe Reader S700 on dock

!

Hub directly connected to Stripe Reader S700

!

Example I/O configurations with S700 Hub

## S700 Dock

Use the S700 Dock to display the Stripe Reader S700 for customers on a
countertop. The dock is compatible with the Stripe Reader S700 with and without
a case. The Stripe Reader S700 attaches to the dock using magnets for correct
electrical contacts, and includes a locking nut for a more secure connection.
Additionally, there are three mounting points on the bottom of the dock to
optionally secure to a countertop or other surface.

!

Stripe Reader S700 (sold separately) above S700 Dock

!

Dock mounting features to Stripe Reader S700

!

Dock mounting feature to countertop

!

In addition to mounting the Stripe Reader S700 to a countertop surface, the S700
Dock also provides power and USB connectivity pass-through to Stripe Reader
S700. This provides continuous power to Stripe Reader S700, keeping it powered
throughout the day. You can also use the S700 Dock with the Hub to create a
complete countertop I/O solution.

#### Warning

Reader S700 is an internet connected device and doesn’t support payment
connectivity through USB connection.

!

Example power pass-through configuration with S700 Dock

!

Example power and data pass-through configuration with S700 Dock and S700 Hub
(sold separately)

The Dock includes both front and rear exit cable management options, allowing
flexible routing of the USB-C power cable.

#### Note

The S700 Dock doesn’t include a USB-C power cable. The power cable supplied with
Stripe Reader S700 is intended for the S700 Dock.

!

Underside of the Dock showing front and rear exit cable management (Right angle
cable is included with Stripe Reader S700)

!

Front and rear cable exit options

## S700 power adapter and USB-C cable

Stripe Reader S700 includes a region-specific AC-to-USB-C power adapter. You can
replace the adapter or order an additional adapter in the [Stripe
Dashboard](https://dashboard.stripe.com/terminal/shop).

US adapter

US adapter

UK adapter

UK adapter

EU adapter

EU adapter

AU adapter

AU adapter

Stripe Reader S700 also ships with a USB-C cable. One end of this cable provides
a right angle connection designed to connect into the side of the reader or into
the dock. You can replace the adapter or order an additional adapter in the
[Dashboard](https://dashboard.stripe.com/terminal/shop).

## S700 Stand

Stripe recommends using a third-party stand for Stripe Reader S700. See the
[Hardware accessories
section](https://support.stripe.com/questions/recommended-resources-and-partners-for-stripe-terminal#hardware-accessories)
of this support article for more information about recommended vendors.

## Links

- [Stripe Dashboard](https://dashboard.stripe.com/terminal/shop)
- [Hardware accessories
section](https://support.stripe.com/questions/recommended-resources-and-partners-for-stripe-terminal#hardware-accessories)