# Accountant hub

## Learn about the workflows that accountants can accomplish using the Stripe Connector for NetSuite.

The Stripe Connector for NetSuite eliminates manual work and custom NetSuite
development by automating accounting workflows. Some benefits include:

- Automatic creation of entries for customers, invoices, income, and accounts
receivable. When using Stripe Billing subscriptions, Stripe provides revenue
recognition data for invoice line items.
- Automatic application of payments and refunds to the corresponding invoices
and credit memos.
- Integration of the dispute lifecycle into NetSuite, including automation of
the income, cash, and fees associated with won or lost disputes.
- Automatic bank reconciliation on the transaction level, including the amount
and date of the deposit.

### Onboarding

[Getting startedWork with an official implementation partner to choose your plan
and set up the
connector.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/plans)[Prepare for
onboardingPrepare your Stripe and NetSuite accounts for onboarding before
setting up the
connector.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/onboarding)[Field
mappingConfigure the fields and records that you want to map between Stripe and
NetSuite.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/field-mappings)
### Accounting by record type

[ChargesAutomatically reconcile Stripe charges and payments to NetSuite based on
how they’re
created.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/stripe-charges-netsuite)[DisputesAutomatically
reconcile disputes in NetSuite immediately after they occur in
Stripe.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/stripe-disputes-netsuite)[RefundsAutomatically
reconcile Stripe refunds to NetSuite bank deposits based on the payment
status.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/stripe-refunds-netsuite)[PayoutsAutomatically
reconcile Stripe payouts to NetSuite bank deposits, including fees and
transactions.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/stripe-payouts-netsuite)[Multiple
currenciesAccept payments in multiple currencies and automatically reconcile
payments that require currency
conversion.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/multiple-currencies)[Multiple
subsidiariesSupport multiple NetSuite subsidiaries with multiple Stripe
accounts.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/multiple-subsidiaries)
### Invoice automation

[Credit notesUse credit notes for out-of-band payments, decreasing invoice
amounts, refunds, and
discounts.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/credit-notes-credit-memos)[CustomersAutomatically
sync your Stripe invoices and associated customers to NetSuite as invoices and
customer
records.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/stripe-customers-netsuite)[InvoicesAutomatically
sync the invoices that you create from Stripe Billing subscriptions or Stripe
Invoicing into
NetSuite.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/stripe-invoices-netsuite)[ProductsAutomatically
sync Stripe products, prices, and coupons into
NetSuite.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/stripe-prices-coupons-netsuite)[Revenue
recognitionAutomatically sync data from Stripe subscription invoices to NetSuite
to enable revenue recognition
calculation.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/revenue-recognition)[TaxesConfigure
how you want to calculate tax with Stripe and
NetSuite.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/configure-taxes)

## Links

- [Getting startedWork with an official implementation partner to choose your
plan and set up the
connector.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/plans)
- [Prepare for onboardingPrepare your Stripe and NetSuite accounts for
onboarding before setting up the
connector.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/onboarding)
- [Field mappingConfigure the fields and records that you want to map between
Stripe and
NetSuite.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/field-mappings)
- [ChargesAutomatically reconcile Stripe charges and payments to NetSuite based
on how they’re
created.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/stripe-charges-netsuite)
- [DisputesAutomatically reconcile disputes in NetSuite immediately after they
occur in
Stripe.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/stripe-disputes-netsuite)
- [RefundsAutomatically reconcile Stripe refunds to NetSuite bank deposits based
on the payment
status.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/stripe-refunds-netsuite)
- [PayoutsAutomatically reconcile Stripe payouts to NetSuite bank deposits,
including fees and
transactions.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/stripe-payouts-netsuite)
- [Multiple currenciesAccept payments in multiple currencies and automatically
reconcile payments that require currency
conversion.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/multiple-currencies)
- [Multiple subsidiariesSupport multiple NetSuite subsidiaries with multiple
Stripe
accounts.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/multiple-subsidiaries)
- [Credit notesUse credit notes for out-of-band payments, decreasing invoice
amounts, refunds, and
discounts.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/credit-notes-credit-memos)
- [CustomersAutomatically sync your Stripe invoices and associated customers to
NetSuite as invoices and customer
records.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/stripe-customers-netsuite)
- [InvoicesAutomatically sync the invoices that you create from Stripe Billing
subscriptions or Stripe Invoicing into
NetSuite.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/stripe-invoices-netsuite)
- [ProductsAutomatically sync Stripe products, prices, and coupons into
NetSuite.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/stripe-prices-coupons-netsuite)
- [Revenue recognitionAutomatically sync data from Stripe subscription invoices
to NetSuite to enable revenue recognition
calculation.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/revenue-recognition)
- [TaxesConfigure how you want to calculate tax with Stripe and
NetSuite.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/configure-taxes)