# Stripe Connector for NetSuite

## Use the connector to reconcile your Stripe activity into NetSuite.

The Stripe Connector for NetSuite synchronizes your Stripe data to NetSuite,
including customers, invoices, payments, refunds, disputes, deposits, and more.
The connector eliminates hours of manual work, replacing costly custom
integrations with no-code prebuilt solutions, and providing the flexibility to
customize the integration to your unique business needs.

## Get started

If you want to use the Stripe Connector for NetSuite, you must work with an
official implementation partner to set up the connector.

- [Prepare your Stripe and NetSuite
accounts](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/onboarding) for
onboarding.
- [Contact us](https://marketplace.stripe.com/apps/netsuite-connector) to get
started with your implementation.

#### Note

You can also install the [free, self-serve
version](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/invoice-payment-link/overview)
of the connector. This version allows you to accept payments with a Stripe
payment link, without syncing payments or other data to NetSuite.

## Workflow automations

The connector enables multiple workflow automations to reconcile your Stripe
data into NetSuite. Every automated payment workflow that the connector supports
includes deposit automation.

[Stripe invoice automationRecord your Stripe Invoicing and Stripe Billing
activity into NetSuite for
reporting.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/invoice-automation)[NetSuite
invoice payment pageInclude the invoice payment page in your NetSuite invoices
and
customers.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/invoice-payment-page)[NetSuite
customer payment pageCollect and apply payments to multiple invoices as partial
payments.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/customer-payment-page)[Stripe
payment processing in NetSuiteReconcile Stripe payments from third-party or
in-house systems into
NetSuite.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/custom-payment-application)[Deposit
automationAutomate the bank reconciliation process by creating bank deposits in
NetSuite for your Stripe
payouts.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/deposit-automation)
## See also

- [Accountant hub](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/accountant-hub)
- [Developer hub](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/developer-hub)

## Links

- [Prepare your Stripe and NetSuite
accounts](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/onboarding)
- [Contact us](https://marketplace.stripe.com/apps/netsuite-connector)
- [free, self-serve
version](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/invoice-payment-link/overview)
- [Stripe invoice automationRecord your Stripe Invoicing and Stripe Billing
activity into NetSuite for
reporting.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/invoice-automation)
- [NetSuite invoice payment pageInclude the invoice payment page in your
NetSuite invoices and
customers.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/invoice-payment-page)
- [NetSuite customer payment pageCollect and apply payments to multiple invoices
as partial
payments.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/customer-payment-page)
- [Stripe payment processing in NetSuiteReconcile Stripe payments from
third-party or in-house systems into
NetSuite.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/custom-payment-application)
- [Deposit automationAutomate the bank reconciliation process by creating bank
deposits in NetSuite for your Stripe
payouts.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/deposit-automation)
- [Accountant hub](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/accountant-hub)
- [Developer hub](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/developer-hub)