# Stripe React Native SDK

## Build payments into your React Native mobile app.

The Stripe React Native SDK allows you to build payments into your native
Android and iOS apps using [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/). We provide
powerful and customizable UI screens and elements that you can use
out-of-the-box to collect your users’ payment details.

![Examples of apps using the Address Element, Mobile Payment Element, and Card
Element in a React Native
app.](https://b.stripecdn.com/docs-statics-srv/assets/react-native-landing.ec78345ff29f805d6b789684e2f1a226.png)

[Mobile Payment ElementIntegrate the Stripe prebuilt PaymentSheet UI into the
checkout of your React Native
app.Recommended](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment?platform=react-native&ui=payment-sheet)[Custom
Payment ElementComplete the payment in your own UI using
PaymentSheet.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment?platform=react-native&ui=payment-sheet#react-native-flowcontroller)[Card
ElementUse the basic card field in your own payment
UI.Legacy](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/card-element?platform=react-native)[Address
ElementAutofill the billing and shipping addresses of your customers quickly and
accurately.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/address-element?platform=react-native)[Appearance
APICustomize the look and feel of PaymentSheet to match the design of your
app.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/appearance-api?platform=react-native)[Customer
SheetPresent a prebuilt UI for managing a customer’s saved payment
methods.Beta](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/customer-sheet?platform=react-native)[Apple
PayAdd a separate Apple Pay button to the checkout of your
app.](https://docs.stripe.com/apple-pay?platform=react-native)[Google PayAdd a
separate Google Pay button to the checkout of your
app.](https://docs.stripe.com/google-pay?platform=react-native)
## See also

- [Stripe React Native SDK on
GitHub](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-react-native)

## Links

- [React Native](https://reactnative.dev/)
- [Mobile Payment ElementIntegrate the Stripe prebuilt PaymentSheet UI into the
checkout of your React Native
app.Recommended](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment?platform=react-native&ui=payment-sheet)
- [Custom Payment ElementComplete the payment in your own UI using
PaymentSheet.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment?platform=react-native&ui=payment-sheet#react-native-flowcontroller)
- [Card ElementUse the basic card field in your own payment
UI.Legacy](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/card-element?platform=react-native)
- [Address ElementAutofill the billing and shipping addresses of your customers
quickly and
accurately.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/address-element?platform=react-native)
- [Appearance APICustomize the look and feel of PaymentSheet to match the design
of your
app.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/appearance-api?platform=react-native)
- [Customer SheetPresent a prebuilt UI for managing a customer’s saved payment
methods.Beta](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/customer-sheet?platform=react-native)
- [Apple PayAdd a separate Apple Pay button to the checkout of your
app.](https://docs.stripe.com/apple-pay?platform=react-native)
- [Google PayAdd a separate Google Pay button to the checkout of your
app.](https://docs.stripe.com/google-pay?platform=react-native)
- [Stripe React Native SDK on
GitHub](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-react-native)