# How Stripe Capital Works

## Learn how Stripe Capital provides financing for eligible businesses.

Stripe Capital offers financing for eligible users processing payments through
Stripe. Under the Stripe Capital program, business financing doesn’t have late
fees, early payment fees, or origination fees. Instead, the total amount you pay
is your advance amount plus a flat fee. Your payments are withheld directly from
your sales on Stripe.

## Eligibility and financing types

Stripe uses a [combination of eligibility
criteria](https://docs.stripe.com/capital/eligibility) (including overall
processing volume and history on Stripe) to extend a financing offer. If your US
business is eligible, and has at least three months of processing history,
Stripe might send you an email and Dashboard notification to advise you of an
available offer.

Each offer specifies the type of financing being offered, which might be a loan
or merchant cash advance. You can’t request a particular financing type under
the Stripe Capital program.

- *Merchant cash advance:* A merchant cash advance is a purchase of a merchant’s
future receivables by YouLend; it’s not a loan or credit transaction. Purchased
receivables are withheld from the merchant’s payment processing volume in a
percentage specified in the YouLend Advance Agreement. Unlike a loan, there’s no
fixed payment schedule or periodic debits. Instead, a merchant’s payments vary
based on payment processing volumes.
- *Loans:* Business-purpose term loans are made by Celtic Bank to eligible
merchants. These loans have a maximum term, and periodic payments. If
withholdings from payment processing receivables don’t meet a minimum amount
(typically on a 30 or 60-day basis), shortfalls are debited from a linked bank
account.

## Review your offer

Your offer is typically valid for 30 days, after which we re-evaluate your
business to see if you’re eligible for an additional offer. Go to the [Capital
tab](https://dashboard.stripe.com/capital) in the Stripe Dashboard to customize
the amount of your offer up to the maximum offer amount. The offer terms adjust
based on the amount you choose. If you’re seeking financing at a later time,
continue checking your email and the **Capital** tab of the Dashboard to make
sure you’re reviewing your most current offer. In some cases, we extend
additional offers to you while you’re actively paying your current financing.

After you select an offer, we review your application. There might be requests
for additional information related to your business to complete the review of
your application. If you’re approved, we transfer the funds to your Stripe
account, typically in as few as 1-2 business days. To make sure funds
successfully disburse from your Stripe account, you must set a valid bank
account as your primary payout method.

## No impact to your personal credit

Applying for financing through Stripe Capital might require a personal credit
check under some circumstances, but this credit check doesn’t affect your
personal credit score.

## Build your business credit history

When you apply for financing through Stripe Capital, Stripe might obtain your
business’s credit history through the Small Business Financial Exchange.

Additionally, Stripe Capital may report performance or payment history to the
Small Business Financial Exchange, who uses this information to build a
financial profile for your business, which can help your business get access to
financing from other providers.

## Linked accounts

You always have control over the bank accounts that you share with Stripe and
can [update or disconnect your linked
accounts](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/account/linked-external-accounts)
at any time.

## Pay down your financing

The total cost of your financing is your loan or advance amount plus a flat fee.
Payment of your financing occurs automatically by deducting a percentage of your
Stripe sales, known as the *repayment rate*. This means you pay more when your
business has higher sales and less if business slows down. The single flat fee
isn’t charged upfront—it’s paid over the length of the financing.

There’s no prepayment penalty, and you can make additional payments or pay the
total amount you owe in full at any point in the [Capital
tab](https://dashboard.stripe.com/capital) of your Dashboard.

Stripe automatically evaluates you for a new offer as you pay down your
financing, regardless of whether you make additional payments or pay it off
early.

## Financing payments

Stripe Capital financing is generally paid through withholding from payment
processing receivables at a rate specified in your financing agreement.
Depending on your financing type, there may be periodic minimum payment
requirements and a finite term.

Specifically, if you took out a loan, you must repay a minimum amount toward
your loan every payment period. Amounts withheld as a percentage of your sales
at the payment rate count toward your minimum. However, if the total amount you
repay through sales doesn’t meet the minimum, you must pay the remaining amount
at the end of the period. If you haven’t met the minimum by the end of each
payment period, Stripe automatically debits the balance needed to meet your
minimum from your bank account or account balance. You can also make manual
payments toward your minimum through your Dashboard.

You can view your minimum in the [Capital
tab](https://dashboard.stripe.com/capital) of your Dashboard or in your loan
agreement.

If you’re unable to meet your minimum for one or more periods, reach out to
support and we’ll work with you to get back on track and meet your loan
obligations. If you continue to miss your minimums, we might take additional
action, as detailed in your loan agreement.

#### Fixed payment loans

If your loan has a fixed monthly payment instead of a minimum payment, Stripe
stops withholding from your Stripe sales when you meet the fixed payment amount.
If your sales withholdings don’t meet the fixed payment by the end of the
payment period, Stripe automatically debits the balance. You can also make
manual payments at any time through your Dashboard using the **Make payment**
option. Your financing agreement will specify whether there is a fixed payment
amount.

### Examples

The following example scenarios demonstrate how the minimum payment process
works for loans.

**Example 1: You successfully meet your minimum through daily sales
deductions.**

- Your minimum amount is 2,000 USD for the 60-day period ending on March 1.
- In that period, you repaid 2,500 USD of your loan balance through Stripe
deducting a fixed percentage of your sales volume (the repayment rate).
- You’ve successfully met your minimum plus an additional 500 USD toward your
total balance for this payment period.
- In the next 60-day period, you still must meet the minimum of 2,000 USD.

**Example 2: You don’t meet your minimum through daily sales deductions.**

- Your minimum is 2,000 USD for the 60-day period ending on March 1.
- In that period, you repaid 1,500 USD of your loan balance through Stripe
deducting a fixed percentage of your sales volume (the repayment rate).
- On March 1, you still owe 500 USD toward your minimum (2,000 USD – 1,500 USD =
500 USD) and you must pay the remaining balance of your minimum.
- On March 1, Stripe automatically debits 500 USD from your bank account or
account balance to meet your minimum.

## Security interests

Stripe Capital loan agreements typically include security interests taken as
collateral for your loan. A UCC-1 financing statement might be filed in
connection with your loan based on several factors, including the size of your
loan, facts and circumstances about your business, and so on. After you finish
paying off your loan, you can [contact us](mailto:capital@stripe.com) with a
request to terminate a UCC-1 filing.

For merchant cash advances, a security interest may be taken under certain
circumstances, as specified in the Stripe Capital advance agreement.

#### Unknown secured party

Creditors sometimes use a third party to file and maintain lien positions as the
registered agent of the creditor. Wolters Kluwer is Stripe Capital’s third-party
representative. If you’re unsure of what creditor the third party is acting on
behalf of, we recommend that you contact the third party directly.

## Taxes

Tax reporting often depends on your specific situation, so we encourage you to
talk with a tax advisor. In general, funds through Stripe Capital wouldn’t be
considered taxable income at the time of receipt, and the amounts withheld to
satisfy your obligations aren’t tax deductible.

Stripe Capital loans are issued by Celtic Bank, powered by Stripe. Stripe
Capital merchant cash advances are provided by YouLend.

## Links

- [combination of eligibility
criteria](https://docs.stripe.com/capital/eligibility)
- [Capital tab](https://dashboard.stripe.com/capital)
- [update or disconnect your linked
accounts](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/account/linked-external-accounts)