# 3D Secure authentication

## Reduce fraud and meet regulatory requirements through 3D Secure (3DS) authentication.

[3D Secure](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/3d-secure) (3DS) is an
authentication method that provides an additional layer of authentication for
credit card transactions, protecting against fraudulent actors. 3DS asks your
customers to verify their identity with the card issuer during payment. In most
scenarios, you direct your customer to a verification page on their bank’s site
where they type in a password linked to the card or a code sent to their phone.
Customers might recognize this method through the card networks’ brand names,
like Visa Secure and Mastercard Identity Check.

The [Strong Customer
Authentication](https://docs.stripe.com/strong-customer-authentication)
regulation, as part of PSD2 in Europe and similar regulations in the UK, India,
Japan, and Australia, might require using 3DS for card payments. 3DS is optional
in other regions but you can still use it as a tool to reduce fraud.

[Authenticate with 3D Secure nativelyIntegrate 3D Secure (3DS) into your
checkout
flow.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/3d-secure/authentication-flow)[SCA
ExemptionsUse SCA exemptions and Data Only to reduce cardholder friction on
eligible
transactions.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/3d-secure/strong-customer-authentication-exemptions)[Standalone
3D SecureRun 3D Secure on Stripe while processing the subsequent payment on a
third-party
gateway.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/3d-secure/standalone-three-d-secure)[Import
3D Secure resultsProcess payments when 3D Secure (3DS) runs outside of
Stripe.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/payment-intents/three-d-secure-import)[Payment
analyticsLearn how 3D Secure affects your payment success rate in the
Dashboard.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/analytics)

## Links

- [3D Secure](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/3d-secure)
- [Strong Customer
Authentication](https://docs.stripe.com/strong-customer-authentication)
- [Authenticate with 3D Secure nativelyIntegrate 3D Secure (3DS) into your
checkout flow.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/3d-secure/authentication-flow)
- [SCA ExemptionsUse SCA exemptions and Data Only to reduce cardholder friction
on eligible
transactions.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/3d-secure/strong-customer-authentication-exemptions)
- [Standalone 3D SecureRun 3D Secure on Stripe while processing the subsequent
payment on a third-party
gateway.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/3d-secure/standalone-three-d-secure)
- [Import 3D Secure resultsProcess payments when 3D Secure (3DS) runs outside of
Stripe.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/payment-intents/three-d-secure-import)
- [Payment analyticsLearn how 3D Secure affects your payment success rate in the
Dashboard.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/analytics)