# Modify subscriptions

## Change existing subscriptions to cancel, pause, apply prorated charges and credits, and more.

You can change existing subscriptions without having to cancel and recreate
them. Set up the [customer portal](https://docs.stripe.com/customer-management)
to let your customers manage their own subscriptions and billing details through
a Stripe-hosted page.

For changes that automatically create a new [subscription
invoice](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/invoices/subscription), use [pending
updates](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/pending-updates) so that
the updates are only applied if the new invoice is successfully paid.

## Use cases

[Change billing cycleAdjust the billing date for
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/billing-cycle)[Upgrade
or downgradeUpgrade and downgrade subscriptions by changing the
price.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/upgrade-downgrade)[Cancel
an active subscriptionManually cancel your customers’
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/cancel)[Pause
payment collectionTemporarily stop collecting payments from your
customers.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/pause-payment)[Apply
discountsAdd discounts to subscriptions using coupons and promotion
codes.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/coupons)[Use trial
periodsDelay payments on active subscriptions using trial
periods.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/trials)[Set
quantitiesSubscribe a customer to multiple quantities of a
product.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/quantities)[Collect
taxesCollect and report taxes with Stripe Billing and Stripe
Tax.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/taxes)[Set payment methodsSpecify which
payment methods to allow for a
subscription.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/payment-methods-setting)[Manage
prorationsHandle prorations for modified
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/prorations)

## Links

- [customer portal](https://docs.stripe.com/customer-management)
- [subscription invoice](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/invoices/subscription)
- [pending
updates](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/pending-updates)
- [Change billing cycleAdjust the billing date for
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/billing-cycle)
- [Upgrade or downgradeUpgrade and downgrade subscriptions by changing the
price.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/upgrade-downgrade)
- [Cancel an active subscriptionManually cancel your customers’
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/cancel)
- [Pause payment collectionTemporarily stop collecting payments from your
customers.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/pause-payment)
- [Apply discountsAdd discounts to subscriptions using coupons and promotion
codes.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/coupons)
- [Use trial periodsDelay payments on active subscriptions using trial
periods.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/trials)
- [Set quantitiesSubscribe a customer to multiple quantities of a
product.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/quantities)
- [Collect taxesCollect and report taxes with Stripe Billing and Stripe
Tax.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/taxes)
- [Set payment methodsSpecify which payment methods to allow for a
subscription.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/payment-methods-setting)
- [Manage prorationsHandle prorations for modified
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/prorations)