# Schedule invoice finalization to send or charge an invoice in the future

## Learn how to schedule an invoice to automatically charge or send to a customer.

Stripe offers the ability to schedule when an invoice is automatically
[finalized](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing/integration/workflow-transitions).
An invoice must be finalized before sending it to a customer or automatically
charging them. For example, use this feature if you want to create and fill out
your invoice at a particular time, but have that invoice finalized and sent out
or charged at a future time. You can edit this draft invoice up until it
automatically finalizes, or you can turn off scheduled finalization if needed.
At the time you schedule, Stripe attempts to finalize this invoice, which
succeeds if no
[errors](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing/scheduled-finalization#pitfalls)
arise during finalization.

#### Caution

When you use a custom finalization time for invoices, finalization won’t be
delayed because of `invoice.created` webhook failures. This is different from
the behavior described in the [Webhooks and
invoices](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/webhooks#understand)
guidance.

## Before you begin

To configure an automatic finalization time for an invoice, you must have
[automatic invoice
advancement](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing/integration/automatic-advancement-collection)
enabled for the invoice. Dashboard scheduled invoices have this enabled
automatically. If you don’t pass in a value for `automatically_finalizes_at`
when enabling automatic invoice advancement in the API, Stripe calculates and
sets the time according to the [configurable grace
period](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/usage-based/configure-grace-period)
you currently have set. Turning off automatic advancement disables the invoice
from being automatically charged or sent. Learn more about this in [Pause
invoice
advancement](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing/integration/automatic-advancement-collection#pausing-auto-collection).

## Schedule a one-off invoice to finalize in the future

DashboardAPI
For a draft invoice, specify the time that you want the invoice to be finalized.

- After selecting the payment collection type, toggle on the **Schedule send
date** or **Schedule charge date** option
- In the confirmation modal, after choosing a date, click **Schedule** to finish
scheduling your invoice.
- The page refreshes to show that the invoice has been successfully scheduled.

For an existing draft invoice that’s already scheduled, click **Reschedule
invoice** to change the date that the invoice is scheduled to be finalized
automatically.

## Viewing scheduled invoices

You can view scheduled invoices in the Dashboard in a few ways:

- Filter invoices for whether or not they have scheduled invoice finalization
enabled, based on the `Scheduled finalization` column and `Scheduled
finalization date` filter on the
[Invoices](https://dashboard.stripe.com/invoices) page.
- In the **Details** section of a page for a specific invoice, the `Finalizes
at` property indicates when that invoice is scheduled to be finalized.

## Subscription invoice usage

Invoices generated by subscriptions are already scheduled for finalization upon
invoice creation, based on the [configurable grace
period](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/usage-based/configure-grace-period)
you currently have set. Turning off automatic advancement disables the invoice
from being automatically charged or sent to the user. Learn how to [pause
invoice
advancement](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing/integration/automatic-advancement-collection#pausing-auto-collection)
for any you have set. You can modify these invoices using the process described
here, but make sure you consider the following:

- Non-finalized invoices remain in a draft state. This means that pushing this
scheduled finalization date out further potentially increases the time that
customers could have an active subscription without having an invoice be sent or
charged to them.
- Modifying this time won’t cause invoice finalization to be delayed based on
failure to respond to `invoice.created` webhooks. If you want to depend on
webhook failures delaying invoice finalization, don’t modify this
`automatically_finalizes_at` field.

## Common pitfalls

This feature has some common pitfalls to be aware of:

- If the invoice has `automatic_tax[enabled]=true` but the customer doesn’t have
sufficient tax information, automatic finalization fails. Learn more about
[invoice finalization
errors](https://docs.stripe.com/tax/customer-locations#finalizing-invoices-with-finalization-failures)
and how to resolve this issue.
- The **Send finalized invoices and credit notes to customers** setting must be
enabled in [Subscriptions and emails
settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/billing/automatic) if you want
emails for automatically finalized invoices to send to customers.- This ability
of sending emails for automatically finalized invoices is only available in live
mode.

## Links

-
[finalized](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing/integration/workflow-transitions)
- [Webhooks and
invoices](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/webhooks#understand)
- [automatic invoice
advancement](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing/integration/automatic-advancement-collection)
- [configurable grace
period](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/usage-based/configure-grace-period)
- [Pause invoice
advancement](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing/integration/automatic-advancement-collection#pausing-auto-collection)
- [Invoices](https://dashboard.stripe.com/invoices)
- [invoice finalization
errors](https://docs.stripe.com/tax/customer-locations#finalizing-invoices-with-finalization-failures)
- [Subscriptions and emails
settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/billing/automatic)