# Stripe Partner Ecosystem

## Learn about the Stripe Partner Ecosystem.

Join the community of Stripe partners that helps businesses with payments and
financial infrastructure.

When you partner with us to build payments solutions and financial services, you
can co-market with Stripe, influence our roadmap, build your own network, and
engage with the partner community. Stripe partners also receive tools and
resources to grow their business with Stripe, and access co-selling
opportunities.

## Stripe-verified partners

After you complete your partner application and [general
requirements](https://docs.stripe.com/partners#requirements), you gain access to
benefits, including sales enablement, training, and certifications.

As you grow as a partner with Stripe, you can become a Stripe verified partner
through one or more tracks. Becoming a verified partner requires a high level of
proficiency with Stripe. You can demonstrate your proficiency through
[certifications](https://docs.stripe.com/partners/training-and-certification),
application verifications, technology verifications aligned with your business
plan, or embedded payments verification.

Verifications help Stripe partners distinguish themselves and provide greater
value to their clients. They also grant access to extra benefits, including the
Stripe Verified Partner badge, co-selling opportunities, co-marketing benefits,
and increased visibility in the partner directory.

## Partner tracks

The Stripe Partner Ecosystem has four tracks: apps, embedded payments, services
and technology. You can choose one or more tracks, with benefits aligned to the
desired business goal. When you become verified on a partner track, it opens up
additional benefits and opportunities.

### Apps track

We created the apps track for partners interested in building Stripe Apps or
integrations with other systems, as well as customizing the Stripe UI to enhance
it.

These partners use the [Stripe Apps
platform](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps) to extend and enhance Stripe, and
list their app on the [Stripe App Marketplace](https://marketplace.stripe.com/)
for discovery by businesses.

The apps track has two milestones: *build* and *growth*. All Apps partners start
in the build stage upon passing the [app
review](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/review-requirements#app-review-process).
Partners reach the growth milestone by having over 2,000 installs or 100 million
USD in payment volume processed through their app. Growth apps unlock
[additional benefits](https://docs.stripe.com/partners#benefits-overview). To
learn more, see [building a Stripe
app](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/how-stripe-apps-work).

### Embedded Payments track

The embedded payments track is for partners who integrate payments and other
Stripe products into their platform. This includes incorporating financial
services into their products, offering features like invoicing and lending
within their SaaS product, and opening up new revenue opportunities for
customers. Partners who achieve verification in the embedded payments track are
also eligible for revenue sharing and marketing advisory funds. Learn more about
the business and technical
[requirements](https://docs.stripe.com/partners#requirements) for joining the
embedded payments track.

### Services track

The services track is for partners who advise, implement, deploy, or offer
services with Stripe. Examples of partners in the services track include systems
integrators, software development agencies, payments advisors, and digital
agencies. You get access to technical training, sales, and marketing resources
to help you build your Stripe-based services practice. Learn more about the
business and technical
[requirements](https://docs.stripe.com/partners#requirements) for joining the
services track.

### Technology track

The technology track is for partners who develop products and solutions that
work seamlessly with Stripe. Cloud providers, ISVs, hardware companies, payment
method providers, and SaaS companies are examples of technologies that fall
under this category. Partners under the technology track receive technical
training, sales support, and marketing resources to build on Stripe or offer
solutions with Stripe.

Partners on the technology track can provide services to support Stripe
implementations and integrations, and also fall under the services and apps
tracks. Learn more about the business and technical
[requirements](https://docs.stripe.com/partners#requirements) for joining the
technology track.

## Training and certification

Stripe offers both sales and technical training certifications.

### Technical training

We offer two certifications for Stripe partners: architect and developer. For
both roles, Stripe offers self-paced training, instructor-led online events,
workshops, and online tools to deepen learning and Stripe expertise. Partners
receive their certification after completing a Stripe project and a
multiple-choice exam. By becoming certified, partners signal their expertise
within the Stripe ecosystem. Learn more about [Stripe
certification](https://docs.stripe.com/partners/training-and-certification).

### Sales training

Stripe offers optional training for sales teams to learn fundamentals of online
payments. Partners can learn how Stripe products address business needs, how to
go to market with Stripe, and the most important parts of how the payments
industry works. [See our Fundamentals
course](https://www.stripe.training/page/sales).

## Requirements

To become a Stripe partner, you must:

- Create and activate a free [Stripe
account](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register).
- Complete the [partner
application](http://www.stripe.com/partners/become-a-partner).
- Accept the [Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Agreement](http://www.stripe.com/legal/partner-ecosystem).
- Make sure you’re not on the [Stripe Restricted Businesses
list](http://www.stripe.com/restricted-businesses).

To become a Stripe verified partner, you must meet these additional
requirements:

RequirementAppsEmbedded paymentsServicesTechnologyPass a Stripe technical
verification Maintain a minimum of two [certified
individuals](https://docs.stripe.com/partners/training-and-certification)
## Benefits overview

Stripe partners are eligible for benefits, including deal registration,
training, sales enablement, marketing resources, partner support, and so on. You
can become a Stripe verified partner by achieving certification and verifying
your solution. This unlocks additional opportunities like co-selling with
Stripe, receiving referral incentives, and inclusion in the Stripe partner
directory.

See the benefits for Stripe partners:

Program benefitsStripe partnerVerified apps trackVerified embedded payments
trackVerified services trackVerified technology trackBuild Technical training
and certificationEligible for roundtables with product management1Project
delivery kits, including solution blueprints and templatesEligible for
investment funding1[GitHub access](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-apps)Discord
channel accessApps product roadmap preview1Market Marketing content, campaign
assets, how-to guides, and templatesStripe Verified Partner badge and
co-branding guidelinesSocial media highlightsEligible for joint customer case
studies (by invitation)1Eligible to request market development funds
(MDF)1Eligible for marketing advisory workshops and fundsAmplify your company
and solution with a directory listingApp Marketplace listingApp Marketplace and
Stripe Dashboard promotion1App marketing eventsSell Deal registration to request
co-selling supportSales enablement and payments educationCrossbeam account
mapping for joint account planning1Eligible for Referral IncentiveEligible for
Stripe Connect revenue shareEngage Partner portal and partner supportEligible
for partner management1Eligible for partner awardsSponsorship and speaking
opportunities at Stripe events1Eligible for Stripe participation in
partner-hosted online events1
1 Available to select verified partners and Apps partners who have achieved the
Growth milestone.

## Program benefit details

Dig deeper into each program benefit.

### Build

Develop solutions and services with Stripe.

#### Technical training and certification

Stripe provides training, instructor-led online events, and workshops for Stripe
partners to gain architect and developer certifications. Partners signal their
expertise within the Stripe Partner Ecosystem by being certified. Learn more
about [Stripe certification for
partners](https://docs.stripe.com/partners/training-and-certification).

#### Roundtables with product management

Stripe regularly hosts a series of invite only roundtables and delivers online
events with a select number of eligible partners to discuss the product roadmap.
During these roundtables, partners can gain visibility into product plans,
uncover industry trends, and understand Stripe’s go-to-market priorities.

#### Solution blueprints

Partners can draw from Stripe’s library of prebuilt solution blueprints that
visually document and capture business requirements and map the end-state to
different Stripe solutions. Stripe segments these blueprints across business
models such as marketplaces, e-commerce and DTC, B2B SaaS, and embedded
payments. Additionally, Stripe can provide blueprints for common third-party
integrations such as CRM, ERP, and e-commerce platforms.

These assets can help partners present complex topics like money movement in
multiple currencies across countries and provide clarity and value to your
users.

#### Investment funding

Available to partners with an assigned Stripe partner development manager, you
can use this fund to build solutions and support repeatable business cases. The
investment fund has four general categories of business cases: competitive
migrations, API modernization, pre-sales workshops, and proof of concepts.

If partners have unique ideas beyond these four business cases, they can reach
out to their partner development manager to see if their concept qualifies for
our investment fund.

#### GitHub access

Partners in the apps track have access to the [Stripe Apps
GitHub](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-apps) to submit tickets, track request
progress, and engage with the apps technical teams.

#### Discord channel access

Partners in the apps track can engage with Stripe and other app developers in
our [Discord channel](https://discord.com/invite/stripe). Search `Stripe Apps`
to engage with our community.

#### Apps product roadmap preview

Partners in the apps track might be eligible to access Stripe Apps platform
roadmap previews. Product roadmap reviews occur regularly and might cover new
features, how to gain early access to new APIs, and extensibility opportunities.

### Market

Accelerate your marketing campaigns with prebuilt campaigns, customizable
assets, and co-marketing funds.

#### Marketing content, campaign assets, how-to guides, and templates

Market with Stripe using our “campaigns in a box” and solution toolkits. Stripe
provides resources for partners such as messaging frameworks, templated blogs,
emails, and social content that you can customize to launch integrated campaigns
that drive demand.

#### Stripe verified partner badge and co-branding guidelines

Partners can download the Stripe Verified Partner badge (used externally to
promote our partnership) from the partner portal. The Stripe Verified Partner
badge unlocks co-marketing benefits and amplification of partner services and
offerings in the partner directory. Stripe provides partners with complete
guidelines on co-branding with Stripe.

#### Social media highlights

Stripe verified partners are eligible to be featured across Stripe’s social
media channels, including our LinkedIn page, and have their message amplified to
Stripe’s customers and community.

#### Marketing advisory workshops and funds

Partners in the embedded payments track are eligible to receive one-on-one
consultations with the Stripe marketing team to discuss insights, best
practices, and receive recommendations about how to improve acquisition,
activation, and lifecycle marketing strategies. By participating in a workshop,
partners agree to staff a dedicated marketing resource with the capacity to
execute a marketing plan within 90 days. Partners can request marketing advisory
funds (MAF) to cover the cost of marketing activities recommended from the
workshop.

#### Market development funds (MDF)

Partners can request MDF to help fund 50% of the cost of co-marketing activities
that generate demand for their app, solution, or service. Examples of eligible
activities include integrated marketing campaigns, paid media, and digital and
in-person customer-facing events. To be eligible to request MDF, partners must
be verified in the technology or services track and have an assigned Stripe
partner development manager, or have achieved the growth milestone in the apps
track.

#### Joint customer case studies

We might invite Stripe partners to participate in a joint case study to showcase
how we worked together to solve a customer’s business challenge. Reach out to
your partner development manager if you have a story you’d like to nominate for
consideration.

#### Amplify your company and solution with a directory listing

The Stripe partner directory listing provides Stripe verified partners with the
opportunity to promote their company and relationship with Stripe. For Stripe
verified partners, their company details page can help drive leads and build
awareness of their solutions or services.

#### App Marketplace listing

Stripe App Marketplace listings help businesses find partners in the apps track
and understand how their product can help them run their business. Learn more
about [Stripe App Marketplace
listings](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/review-requirements).

#### App Marketplace and Stripe Dashboard promotion

Partners in the apps track are eligible to receive promotion of their Stripe App
in the [Stripe App Marketplace](https://marketplace.stripe.com/) and in the app
drawer in the Stripe Dashboard.

#### Stripe Apps marketing events

Partners in the apps track are eligible to join marketing virtual events to
learn more about Stripe’s planned marketing activities and best practices on how
to use our marketing templates to drive usage of your app. Partners can learn
more about scheduled marketing virtual events in Stripe’s partner newsletters.

### Sell

Submit co-selling opportunities to help close deals faster.

#### Deal registration

The Stripe Go-to-Market Partner team works with Stripe partners to grow our
businesses together. Stripe partners can submit a referral to Stripe or they can
co-sell with Stripe to close opportunities. You can use three channels for deal
registration: submit referrals through the partner portal, bulk upload files
with up to 50 leads, or register deals through an ungated lead form.

Partners can also track the progress of a deal through the partner portal.

#### Sales enablement and payments education

Stripe partners and Stripe verified partners can access self-service and guided
training courses on how to sell Stripe solutions. The Business Foundations
course helps our partners understand the basics of positioning Stripe solutions
and identifying opportunities. The Stripe Fast Start series covers a number of
topics, including a Stripe overview and how to sell to different segments of the
market. Stripe partners also have access to sales materials, including pitch
decks and discovery guides to drive engagement with their users.

#### Crossbeam account mapping

Stripe uses the Crossbeam platform to help with account mapping between eligible
partners and Stripe’s sales team. After completing onboarding, partners can
accelerate co-selling with Stripe by discovering overlapping customers and
prospects in an automated and secure manner. To learn more about this benefit
and how to onboard, contact your partner development manager or submit a case
through the partner portal.

#### Referral incentive

The Stripe Partner Ecosystem Referral Incentive is a program that rewards apps,
technology, and services track partners for submitting and closing eligible new
opportunities with Stripe with a payout that’s time-bound and based on the deal
size of new referrals. Stripe partners can take advantage of this incentive by
referring new customers who’ve never processed payments with Stripe or by
referring existing customers who want to increase their business on Stripe.

#### Stripe Connect revenue share program

Partners in the embedded payments track using Stripe Connect might be eligible
for the revenue share program, which enables your company to grow as your
customers expand with Stripe.

#### Drive ecosystem revenue through PartnerStack

Stripe partners can work with PartnerStack to launch, scale, and grow their
indirect channels and drive revenue to their business. PartnerStack provides an
exclusive discount for members of the Stripe Partner Ecosystem. To learn more
about this tool and how to build a partner program, submit a case through the
partner portal.

### Engage

Stay close to our product roadmap and leadership teams as you build a
partnership with us.

#### Partner portal and partner program support

Use the Stripe partner portal to access partner resources. You can submit and
track leads and opportunities, complete training and certifications, download
marketing materials, request market development funds, and find support for all
other needs.

#### Eligible for partner management

Select verified partners are eligible for one-on-one support with a dedicated
partner development manager. As the partner’s main point of contact, the partner
development manager can assist with go-to-market strategies, help close deals
with Stripe sellers, and coordinate enablement sessions.

#### Partner awards

Our partner awards recognize select Stripe partners who lead the way with
customer solutions through Stripe and showcase their Stripe expertise.

#### Sponsorship and speaking opportunities

We might invite select verified partners to participate in speaking
opportunities at Stripe events to increase their visibility among Stripe sellers
and customers.

## Links

- [certifications](https://docs.stripe.com/partners/training-and-certification)
- [Stripe Apps platform](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps)
- [Stripe App Marketplace](https://marketplace.stripe.com/)
- [app
review](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/review-requirements#app-review-process)
- [building a Stripe
app](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/how-stripe-apps-work)
- [See our Fundamentals course](https://www.stripe.training/page/sales)
- [Stripe account](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register)
- [partner application](http://www.stripe.com/partners/become-a-partner)
- [Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Agreement](http://www.stripe.com/legal/partner-ecosystem)
- [Stripe Restricted Businesses
list](http://www.stripe.com/restricted-businesses)
- [GitHub access](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-apps)
- [Discord channel](https://discord.com/invite/stripe)
- [Stripe App Marketplace
listings](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/review-requirements)