# Bank reconciliation

## Learn how to reconcile your Stripe payouts with cash in your bank.

The [Bank reconciliation
report](https://dashboard.stripe.com/reconciliation/bank?src=docs) enables you
to reconcile payouts generated by Stripe with the cash in your bank account,
helping you track the cash from your business as it moves from Stripe to your
bank.

!

The Bank reconciliation report allows you to:

- Understand the monthly summary of activity on your Stripe account and its
impact on payouts and the cash in your bank.
- Track the amount of cash realized from Stripe in your bank account.
- Track all Stripe payouts and their reconciliation status with bank deposits in
a single place.
- Make sure you have the data required to accurately close your books.

Bank reconciliation is currently only available for users with direct US-based
Stripe accounts using an automated payout schedule. This feature isn’t yet
accessible for:

- Stripe Connect accounts
- Users based outside the United States
- Manual or instant payouts

#### Note

Stripe’s reconciliation features aren’t a substitute for professional services
or professional advice.

## How Bank reconciliation works

Bank reconciliation helps you reconcile Stripe payouts with the deposits in your
bank account, so you can keep track of all the funds received from Stripe and
connect your revenue with cash in your bank. To enable the reconciliation, [link
your bank
account](https://docs.stripe.com/bank-reconciliation#link-bank-account) to
Stripe and approve access for reconciliation.

After you provide access to your bank statement, Stripe automatically reconciles
the Stripe payouts with the corresponding deposit in your bank account to
determine the amount received and any outstanding balance. You can then access
the details of each Stripe payout, the bank deposit, and the corresponding
reconciliation statuses from the Dashboard. We prepare the summaries based on
your Stripe account’s timezone and UTC.

### Link your bank account

If you already have a linked bank account with Stripe, you can skip this step.
To link your bank account (or relink and inactive account):

- Click **Link bank account** from the bank reconciliation page.
- Review and consent to Stripe’s privacy policy, linked account terms, and the
details of the bank account where your Stripe payouts are being deposited.
- Select your bank either from the list of the most frequently chosen banks
shown in the tiles or by searching for it.
- Sign in to your banking portal and select the account where your Stripe
payouts are being deposited.

After a few minutes, a successful link displays a confirmation page.

## Summary

The Dashboard summary offers an overview of activities affecting your Stripe
balance and the related payouts to your bank account. It breaks down your
activity by reporting categories, linking it with Stripe’s payouts and the funds
received in your bank. It helps you understand the Stripe payment amounts and
corresponding cash reconciled with your bank each month. This aids in creating a
revenue-to-cash breakdown necessary for your monthly close process.

#### Note

The activity available in the bank reconciliation summary corresponds to the
[Balance change from activity](https://docs.stripe.com/reports/balance) report.
This includes all activity that affects your balance, including charges,
refunds, disputes, other adjustments, and fees during a month.

The following example shows 8 days of activity for a Stripe account with daily
automatic payouts and a payout speed of 2 business days. The account accepted a
payment of 10 USD on January 28 and the funds became available on January 30,
triggering the first payout to the bank account.

For simplicity, assume no fees or other debits on the example transactions.

DateTransactionPayoutReceived in bankJanuary 2810 USDJanuary 2930 USDJanuary
3050 USD10 USD10 USDJanuary 3170 USD30 USD30 USDFebruary 160 USD50 USD50
USDFebruary 2100 USD70 USD70 USDFebruary 3110 USD60 USD60 USDFebruary 4100 USD*
* Banks typically don’t credit payouts on Sundays, which is reflected by the
empty amount for Sunday, February 4 in this example.

Given the above account activity, the bank reconciliation summary on February 4
shows the following data:

JanuaryFebruaryTotal payable Total160 USD270 USDPending0 USD110 USDPaid160
USD160 USDReconciled with bank Total160 USD60 USDIn same month40 USD60 USDIn
subsequent months120 USD0 USDUnreconciled0 USD100 USD
The reconciliation example shows transactions totaling 160 USD and 270 USD were
processed in January and February respectively.

In January:

- Stripe disbursed the entire 160 USD.
- Your bank processed 40 USD of the total in the same month as the transaction
(January)
- Your bank processed 120 USD of the total in the following months (February).

In February:

- Stripe disbursed 160 USD of the 270 USD transaction total.
- 110 USD from February 3 hasn’t met the 2-day payout speed as of February 4, so
is `Pending`.
- Your bank processed 60 USD of the paid out total in the same month as the
transaction (February).
- Your bank hasn’t processed 100 USD paid on Sunday, February 4, which is
`Unreconciled`.

## Cash realized in bank

The **Cash realized in bank** section shows you the total amount received from
Stripe in your bank account during a calendar month. This helps you monitor your
monthly cash inflow from Stripe. We capture this information from your bank
statement and you can use it to update your cash accounts during the close
process for the month.

Using the preceding example of account activity, the **Cash realized in bank**
section has the following data:

JanuaryFebruaryTotal cash realized in bank40 USD180 USD
The total amount reconciled with the bank (220 USD) matches the sum of the
amounts received in your bank account over the two months. Moreover, the sum of
the amount reconciled from January’s subsequent months and the amount reconciled
within the same month from February (120 USD + 60 USD = 180 USD) equals the
total cash realized from Stripe in February (180 USD).

## Payouts

The **Payouts** section provides a list of all the payouts made by Stripe, the
bank deposits, and their corresponding reconciliation and payout statuses. You
can filter and view this data based on payout date, method, payout status, and
reconciliation status.

In the account activity example, the payouts have the following data:

Payout dateMatching keyPayout statusPayout amountReceived in bankBank receipt
dateReconciliation statusFebruary 5`ST-1239R12DF`In transit120 USDFebruary
4`ST-1334R12DG`Paid100 USDUnreconciledFebruary 3`ST-1436R12DH`Paid60 USD60
USDFebruary 3ReconciledFebruary 2`ST-1537R12DI`Paid70 USD70 USDFebruary
2ReconciledFebruary 1`ST-1639R12DJ`Paid50 USD50 USDFebruary 1ReconciledJanuary
31`ST-1738R12DK`Paid30 USD30 USDJanuary 31ReconciledJanuary
30`ST-1839R12DL`Paid10 USD10 USDJanuary 30Reconciled
### Payouts report

Column nameDescription`payout_date`The date that the payout is expected to
arrive in the bank.`matching_key`The common reference key between Stripe payouts
and your bank statements that we use to match records and perform
reconciliation.`payout_status`The status of the payout paid by
Stripe.`payout_amount`The net amount paid by Stripe against the
payout.`received_in_bank`The amount received in your bank account against the
payout.`bank_receipt_date`The date that the payout is received in your bank
account. Stripe fetches this information from your bank
deposits.`reconciliation_status`The reconciliation status of the payout. We
match Stripe payouts with your bank deposits and assign each payout one of the
following statuses: ‘Reconciled’ or ‘Unreconciled’.
## How we use your data

The Bank reconciliation report uses your Stripe transactions and Financial
Connections accounts to provide you with bank reconciliation services. You can
control which Stripe products receive and use your financial accounts data from
the [Link external account
settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/linked-accounts) page.

#### Note

The bank reconciliation services are provided “as-is.” There might be delays in
data rendering. You’re responsible for checking the accuracy and completeness of
the data.

## Links

- [Bank reconciliation
report](https://dashboard.stripe.com/reconciliation/bank?src=docs)
- [Balance change from activity](https://docs.stripe.com/reports/balance)
- [Link external account
settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/linked-accounts)