# Troubleshoot SSOPublic preview

## Learn how to resolve common errors that might occur when configuring SSO.

When setting up SSO for your account, you can test your SSO configuration before
saving it to prevent misconfiguring SSO and locking out your users. If the test
wizard discovers errors, use this guide to understand and resolve them.

ErrorDescriptionResolutionThe SAML request has expiredThe SAML request included
a timestamp that’s no longer valid. SAML requests are typically time-sensitive
to make sure the user authenticated recently.Try signing in again to generate a
fresh SAML assertion from your identity provider.Invalid SAML responseThe SAML
response received from the Identity Provider (IdP) doesn’t conform to the
expected format or contains incorrect information.Review the SAML response using
tools like [SAML
Tracer](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/saml-tracer/mpdajninpobndbfcldcmbpnnbhibjmch?hl=en)
(for Chrome) or a similar tool.Invalid issuer IDThe issuer ID (also called
Entity ID) in the SAML response doesn’t match the issuer ID configured in
Stripe.Log into your identity provider and navigate to the integration settings.
Confirm that the issuer ID for your Stripe app matches the issuer ID you
configured in Stripe.Invalid identity provider URLThe identity provider URL
configured in Stripe that directs users to login to the identity provider is
incorrect or unreachable.Log into your identity provider and navigate to the
integration settings. Confirm that the identity provider URL for your Stripe app
matches your configuration in Stripe.Invalid identity provider certificateThe
certificate provided by the identity provider is invalid or not trusted.Make
sure that you’re using the correct IdP certificate. You can often find the
latest certificate in the IdP dashboard under security settings. If the
certificate has changed, download the new one and replace the existing
certificate in your SSO configuration.User doesn’t belong to the verified
domainThe user attempting to authenticate doesn’t belong to the allowed
domain.Check the domain associated with the user’s email address. If they need
to be granted access, verify their account configuration in the identity
provider. Make sure that the user’s email address matches the domain allowed for
SSO. If you need to make changes, update the user’s account in the IdP.No roles
were found for the userNo roles were found in the SAML response for the
user.Make sure that the identity provider is configured to send role assertions
for the user. Review the roles associated with the user in the IdP, and verify
they’re properly assigned. For a list of available roles and how to configure
them, see our [Roles
Documentation](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/account/sso/troubleshooting#link-to-roles-docs).Invalid
role assignment from identity providerThe role assertion in the SAML response is
either missing or invalid.Confirm that your identity provider is set up to send
the necessary role assertions. Review the IdP’s configuration and role mappings.
If role assertions are missing, consult the IdP documentation or IdP support on
how to properly configure them. Detailed instructions can be found in our [Role
Assertion
Guide](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/account/sso/troubleshooting#link-to-role-assertion-guide).
## Other common errors

The following examples are additional error messages that you might encounter
and possible solutions.

### Configure your app error

When configuring your application, you might see an error message indicating an
issue with authentication:

```
{"error":{"message":"Required field","param":"RelayState"}}
```

This might indicate that you’re starting authentication from an identity
provider that doesn’t support service provider-initiated authentication. We
support only identity provider-initiated authentication where the identity
provider also supports service provider-initiated authentication. This issue
might also occur if your identity provider isn’t correctly passing the
`RelayState` parameter from the authentication request back with your assertion.

### Sign into Stripe error

When signing into Stripe, you might see the following error message:

```
SAML. Error: Invalid signature type

```

This error indicates that the SAML response isn’t signed with the correct
algorithm. The signature algorithm must be `RSA-SHA256`, and the digest
algorithm must be `SHA256`. We enforce these standards for security reasons
because `SHA-256` is the industry-standard hashing algorithm. `SHA-1`, the
previous standard, is no longer considered secure. Refer to your identity
provider’s documentation for guidance on configuring your integration to use
`SHA-256`.

### UI log in error

If you can’t use the UI to log in with SSO after configuration, it might
indicate that your domain isn’t validated. Make sure the exact domain that you
use for your email is verified in the [User
authentication](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/user_authentication) page.

If you’ve validated the same domain in multiple accounts with different identity
provider configurations, we can’t determine which identity provider to use. To
resolve this, use the following URL with your verified domain to directly sign
into your account with SSO. This URL includes the domain and account for
authentication. By changing the account token at the end of the URL, you can
authenticate against a different account.

```

https://dashboard.stripe.com/login/saml_direct/domain/{{YOUR_DOMAIN}}/merchant/{{STRIPE_ACCOUNT_ID}}

```

If you have another account that isn’t controlled by SSO and haven’t validated
your email address for that account, validate your email address and try again.

### Missing role error

If you encounter an error indicating you need to have a role when trying to sign
in after configuring SSO, this means we haven’t received a role for the user in
the SAML assertion from the identity provider. Verify that the assertion being
sent to Stripe contains the following attribute.

```
<saml2:AttributeStatement>
<saml2:Attribute Name="Stripe-Role-"
NameFormat="urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:attrname-format:basic">
 <saml2:AttributeValue>role_id
 </saml2:AttributeValue>
 </saml2:Attribute>
</saml2:AttributeStatement>
```

If the assertion already contains this attribute, make sure that you’re sending
a valid `role_id`.

### CSRF token error

If you encounter a CSRF token error, verify that you’ve correctly configured the
URLs in your identity provider. Pay close attention to the **SSO URL** and
**Audience URI** or **Entity ID** as indicated in the documentation, and ensure
you’ve entered them accurately in your identity provider setup.

### Locked out of the Dashboard

If only one team member is locked out of the Stripe Dashboard, it usually
indicates an incorrect configuration within the identity provider. Typically,
the problem is that the SAML authentication request doesn’t include a role for
each Stripe account the team member needs to access. The team member must
consult with their identity provider’s administrator to verify their
configuration is correct.

If all team members are locked out of the Stripe Dashboard, it might be due to
misconfigured SSO settings or an issue with the identity provider, such as an
outage. In this scenario, the account representative must contact [Stripe
support](https://support.stripe.com/contact). After identity verification, we
change the account’s SSO configuration from `Required` to `Optional`, allowing
the identity provider’s administrator to sign in and fix the configuration.

## SSO limitations

Stripe doesn’t support the following SSO features:

- **User deletion in SAML**: Due to the limitations of SAML, Stripe doesn’t get
notified when user access is revoked in the IdP. If users attempt to log in
again through SSO after their current session expires, Stripe automatically
revokes their access. To remove access instantly, delete the users in your [Team
settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/team).
- **System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM)**: SCIM is a protocol
that an IdP uses to synchronize user identity lifecycle processes—such as
provisioning, deprovisioning access, and populating user details—with a service
provider such as Stripe.

If a team member is added to your identity provider, Stripe handles Just-in-Time
creation for that team member. This means that if the team member signs in with
SSO to the Stripe Dashboard and doesn’t have an existing Stripe account, we
create one for them. When you change a team member’s Dashboard role, Stripe
updates their role the next time they sign in.

- **Mobile app authentication**: We don’t support SSO through Stripe’s mobile
apps.
- **Configure SSO session length**: The SSO session length is set to 12 hours
and isn’t configurable.
- **Native IdP-initiated login**: Support for authentication through the Service
Provider necessary for Identity Provider-initiated login to work. Native
IdP-initiated login isn’t supported due to security concerns with the SAML
protocol.

For example, a man-in-the-middle attack might intercept the SAML assertion and
replay it later to gain unauthorized access to an account. When team members
attempt to sign in using their IdP, Stripe treats the request as a Service
Provider-initiated login and authenticates the team member as expected.

## SSO supported features

Stripe supports the following SSO features:

- **Team members with different roles**: When signing in, your identity provider
must send the correct team member’s role in the AttributeStatement. For a
working example, see Okta’s [Mapping dynamic team member roles to
groups](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/account/sso/okta#assign-stripe-roles).
- **Sign in to multiple accounts using one SAML assertion**: Send Stripe an
assertion from your identity provider with multiple role attributes that contain
all the account ids that you want to configure access to. For example:

```
<saml2:AttributeStatement>
<saml2:Attribute Name="Stripe-Role-STRIPE-ACCOUNT-ID1"
NameFormat="urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:attrname-format:basic">
 <saml2:AttributeValue>role_id
 </saml2:AttributeValue>
 </saml2:Attribute>
<saml2:Attribute Name="Stripe-Role-STRIPE-ACCOUNT-ID2"
NameFormat="urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:attrname-format:basic">
 <saml2:AttributeValue>role_id
 </saml2:AttributeValue>
 </saml2:Attribute>
</saml2:AttributeStatement>
```
- **Disable SSO**: You can set the **enforcement mode** of your account to
**Off** from the [User
authentication](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/user_authentication) page
to disable SSO. This removes access for any user who can only access the team
with SAML. This includes any user who doesn’t have a password set.
- **Migrate to another IdP**: To migrate to another IdP, update your SSO
settings from the [User
authentication](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/user_authentication) page.
When updating SSO settings, first set the **enforcement mode** of your account
to **optional**.

This ensures that if there’s an issue, you can still sign in to the Stripe
Dashboard with your email and password. If you have a test account, update your
SSO settings in your test account first and validate the new settings before
updating your other accounts.

## Links

- [SAML
Tracer](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/saml-tracer/mpdajninpobndbfcldcmbpnnbhibjmch?hl=en)
- [User
authentication](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/user_authentication)
- [Stripe support](https://support.stripe.com/contact)
- [Team settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/team)
- [Mapping dynamic team member roles to
groups](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/account/sso/okta#assign-stripe-roles)