# Flexible payment scenarios

## Support complex payment flows through flexible and customizable acquiring features.

Stripeâ€™s payment acquiring features provide the flexibility needed to manage
complex payment scenarios, such as capturing funds as you fulfill shipments or
incrementing an authorization amount when order details change.

The functionality highlighted below is available to all users on [IC+
pricing](https://support.stripe.com/questions/understanding-blended-interchange-pricing).

[MulticapturePartially capture a PaymentIntent multiple times, for example when
processing orders with multiple
shipments.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/multicapture)[OvercaptureCapture
more than the authorized amount of a PaymentIntent, for example when collecting
a tip.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/overcapture)[Incremental
authorizationIncrease the authorized amount of a PaymentIntent before capturing
it, for example when adding a good or service to an existing
order.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/incremental-authorization)[Extended
authorizationExtend the time period to capture an authorized PaymentIntent from
7 to up to 30 days, for example when processing a hotel
reservation.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/extended-authorization)[Partial
authorizationAuthorize a partial amount of the originally requested amount for a
card transaction when the available balance is insufficient to cover the full
amount.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/partial-authorization)

## Links

- [IC+
pricing](https://support.stripe.com/questions/understanding-blended-interchange-pricing)
- [MulticapturePartially capture a PaymentIntent multiple times, for example
when processing orders with multiple
shipments.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/multicapture)
- [OvercaptureCapture more than the authorized amount of a PaymentIntent, for
example when collecting a tip.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/overcapture)
- [Incremental authorizationIncrease the authorized amount of a PaymentIntent
before capturing it, for example when adding a good or service to an existing
order.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/incremental-authorization)
- [Extended authorizationExtend the time period to capture an authorized
PaymentIntent from 7 to up to 30 days, for example when processing a hotel
reservation.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/extended-authorization)
- [Partial authorizationAuthorize a partial amount of the originally requested
amount for a card transaction when the available balance is insufficient to
cover the full amount.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/partial-authorization)