# Design patterns for Stripe Apps

## Follow our recommended design patterns to expedite your Stripe app review.

Patterns function as the foundation of your app design. Think of them as a
combination of components—for example, combining the **Spinner** and other
individual components to create a **Loading screen**. As we establish new
patterns, we’ll add guidance to this section. Follow these patterns as you
design your app so that it functions in a consistent, clear, and scalable
manner.

## Onboarding

[Activation flowProvide users with a sign in or sign up flow that’s
recognizable, secure, and
intuitive.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/activation-flow)[Sign
inApply this recommended sign in or sign up template as the first step in your
onboarding flow.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/sign-in)[Settings
sign inWhen building a back-end only app, build your onboarding flow as part of
the user’s Stripe
settings.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/settings-signin)[Demo
contentWhen showing demo content, follow this pattern to highlight the top
functionality that your app
offers.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/demo)[Additional
contextWhen providing users with additional context, dedicate a space for it on
a separate
screen.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/additional-context)[Redirect
to StripeIf users need to open a new tab to complete the onboarding flow, use
this pattern to provide users a clear path back to
Stripe.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/redirects)[Sign outUse
this pattern to provide users with a clear and universal flow when signing out
of your app.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/sign-out)
## User actions

[Back linkUse this pattern to allow users to navigate to a previous
page.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/back-link)[Action buttonsUse
this pattern to emphasize the primary action a user needs to
complete.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/action-buttons)
## Status

[Communicating stateUse this pattern to clearly communicate the status of a
request to
users.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/communicating-state)[Empty
stateUse this pattern to make sure that users know that there’s no data
available to
load.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/empty-state)[LoadingUse this
pattern to make sure that users know that data is being
downloaded.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/loading)[Progress
steppingUse this pattern to make sure users can track step-by-step progress
toward a specific
task.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/progress-stepping)[Waiting
screensUse this pattern to make sure users clearly understand that they’re
connecting to
Stripe.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/waiting-screens)
## Layout

[ListsUse this pattern to organize information as a
list.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/lists)

## Links

- [Activation flowProvide users with a sign in or sign up flow that’s
recognizable, secure, and
intuitive.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/activation-flow)
- [Sign inApply this recommended sign in or sign up template as the first step
in your onboarding flow.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/sign-in)
- [Settings sign inWhen building a back-end only app, build your onboarding flow
as part of the user’s Stripe
settings.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/settings-signin)
- [Demo contentWhen showing demo content, follow this pattern to highlight the
top functionality that your app
offers.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/demo)
- [Additional contextWhen providing users with additional context, dedicate a
space for it on a separate
screen.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/additional-context)
- [Redirect to StripeIf users need to open a new tab to complete the onboarding
flow, use this pattern to provide users a clear path back to
Stripe.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/redirects)
- [Sign outUse this pattern to provide users with a clear and universal flow
when signing out of your
app.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/sign-out)
- [Back linkUse this pattern to allow users to navigate to a previous
page.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/back-link)
- [Action buttonsUse this pattern to emphasize the primary action a user needs
to complete.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/action-buttons)
- [Communicating stateUse this pattern to clearly communicate the status of a
request to
users.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/communicating-state)
- [Empty stateUse this pattern to make sure that users know that there’s no data
available to load.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/empty-state)
- [LoadingUse this pattern to make sure that users know that data is being
downloaded.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/loading)
- [Progress steppingUse this pattern to make sure users can track step-by-step
progress toward a specific
task.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/progress-stepping)
- [Waiting screensUse this pattern to make sure users clearly understand that
they’re connecting to
Stripe.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/waiting-screens)
- [ListsUse this pattern to organize information as a
list.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-apps/patterns/lists)