# Carbon removal inventory

## Learn about available carbon removal inventory.

## Available products

[Products](https://docs.stripe.com/api/climate/product) represent the carbon
removal inventory available for purchase. All products come from offtake
agreements with carbon removal suppliers in [Frontier’s
portfolio](https://frontierclimate.com/portfolio?track=offtake).

### Buy the portfolio

Avoiding the worst impacts of climate change requires a portfolio of
technologies. By purchasing the Frontier offtake portfolio, you accelerate the
development of a range of carbon removal technologies while simultaneously
maximizing the likelihood that your tons are delivered by the expected delivery
year.

Frontier conducts diligence on carbon removal technologies to grow this
portfolio as the industry evolves.

A 3% fee is charged when buying the portfolio.

ProductIDExpected delivery yearPrice per metric tonMinimum orderFrontier's 2027
offtake portfolio`climsku_frontier_offtake_portfolio_2027`2027550 USD1
kilogramFrontier's 2028 offtake
portfolio`climsku_frontier_offtake_portfolio_2028`2028450 USD1 kilogram
To provide users with price certainty, we take on the underlying pricing risk.
If the actual price per ton delivered is less than price per ton sold, we’ll use
all excess funds to buy more carbon removal. If the actual price per ton
delivered is greater than the price per ton sold—for example, if only the more
expensive suppliers can deliver—the price doesn’t change for you and the losses
are borne by us.

We aim to fulfill orders from a diverse set of suppliers within Frontier’s
offtake portfolio. However, we won’t fractionalize deliveries in quantities less
than 1 ton (for example, an order for 4 tons might include deliveries from up to
4 suppliers).

### Buy from individual suppliers

If you’re excited about a particular technology or want to align purchases with
company-specific attributes (for example, geography), you can also purchase from
individual suppliers.

A 5% fee is charged when ordering from these suppliers.

ProductIDPathwayLocationExpected delivery yearPrice per metric tonMinimum
orderCREW 2026`climsku_crew_2026`Enhanced weatheringNew Haven, CT, US2026565
USD1 tonCarbonCapture Inc. 2027`climsku_carbon_capture_inc_2027`Direct air
captureLos Angeles, CA, US2027510 USD1 tonCarbonRun
2027`climsku_carbon_run_2027`Ocean alkalinity enhancementHalifax, Nova Scotia,
CA2027475 USD1 tonCharm Industrial 2026`climsku_charm_industrial_2026`Biomass
carbon removal and storageSan Francisco, CA, US2026630 USD1 kilogramCharm
Industrial 2027`climsku_charm_industrial_2027`Biomass carbon removal and
storageSan Francisco, CA, US2027575 USD1 kilogramCharm Industrial
2028`climsku_charm_industrial_2028`Biomass carbon removal and storageSan
Francisco, CA, US2028550 USD1 kilogramHeirloom 2027`climsku_heirloom_2027`Direct
air captureBrisbane, CA, US2027990 USD1 tonLithos
2025`climsku_lithos_2025`Enhanced weatheringSan Francisco, CA, US2025390 USD1
tonPhlair 2029`climsku_phlair_2029`Direct air captureMunich, Germany2029625 USD1
tonTerradot 2027`climsku_terradot_2027`Enhanced weatheringSão Paulo,
Brazil2027305 USD1 tonVaulted Deep 2026`climsku_vaulted_2026`Biomass carbon
removal and storageHouston, TX, US2026424 USD1 kilogram
## Pricing

Our goal is to bring new buyers into the market, not to make money. We price the
products as close to cost as possible.

Fees help cover our underlying costs of administering the carbon removal
portfolio. Frontier receives these fees for services including, but not limited
to, sourcing, performing diligence, negotiating offtake agreements with,
monitoring the progress of, and reallocating demand between carbon removal
suppliers.

## Links

- [Products](https://docs.stripe.com/api/climate/product)
- [Frontier’s portfolio](https://frontierclimate.com/portfolio?track=offtake)