# Sales-led B2B billing

## Quote and bill complex sales contracts automatically on Stripe Billing.

Stripe Billing enables you to set up and automate workflows for your sales team.
This guide explains how to model complex sales contracts, use Quotes to
negotiate them with your customers, create sales-negotiated deals in the Stripe
Dashboard, and update or renew such contracts. If a feature in this guide
doesn’t have a Beta label, then it’s publicly available.

## Request early access

#### Beta signups are closed

As we work to roll out these features to all users, we’re no longer accepting
users to this beta.

## Overview

Sales-led B2B billing features allow sales-focused businesses to track and
manage sales and fulfillment processes end-to-end. A typical sales deal flow is
an iterative process that lasts as long as the lifecycle of your customer. It
starts with a quote that the sales team creates and finalizes with the customer.
After finalizing the quote, your team shapes the deal in Stripe Billing.
Throughout the lifecycle of the deal, events like end of term renewals,
upselling new products, and amending mid-cycle changes require you to make
changes to the existing deal or create a new one. Using the Stripe sales-led B2B
billing features, you can automate and manage the end-to-end deal flow within
Stripe.

See the following diagram for a visual representation of a common deal
lifecycle.

![Deal
flow](https://b.stripecdn.com/docs-statics-srv/assets/deal-flow.5b5d78bfd1e971b5143da8f450c506bf.png)

## Model your contract

Quotes allow you to deliver estimated pricing for requested sales deals and can
help facilitate negotiation before beginning a subscription or invoice. You can
offer pre-sales deal pricing by creating a quote for the customer. Whether your
sold deal requires a single invoice, a subscription, or a multiphase ramp up
deal, use quotes to provide your customers with a price estimate, including any
discounts or taxes.

Your sales team can start drafting a quote in the Stripe dashboard or automate
the creation of one using the Stripe API. The quote remains in draft mode during
the initial negotiation. After you finalize the quote you can send it to the
customer for approval. Upon approving the quote, your sales team can convert the
approved quote to a deployed deal containing a subscription, invoice, or
multiphase installment plan.

You don’t use quotes exclusively during the initial deal creation process. You
also use quotes when customers renew, buy additional products mid-cycle
(upsell), or request changes to their existing deals. In all of these scenarios,
the sales team typically negotiates a new quote and uses the approved quote to
apply an amendment to the existing deal or create a new deal. These
functionalities work directly with Stripe subscriptions, subscription schedules,
and invoices to provide flexibility with building a complex deal process.

Learn more about some of the existing Stripe [quote
functionalities](https://docs.stripe.com/quotes) and sign up in the [form
above](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/sales-led-billing#request-early-access)
to get access to some of the more advanced deal flow quoting capabilities.

If you’re using a third-party quoting tool to create and finalize your quotes,
you can use one of our [connectors](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors) to
create your sold deals within Stripe. For example, the [Stripe Billing connector
for Salesforce (beta)](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/integrations/salesforce)
enables your sales team to manage subscriptions on Stripe directly on
Salesforce.

### Model your pricing

Using Stripe Products and Prices, you can model your subscription pricing model
and one-off charges. Both subscriptions and invoices work with Products and
Prices. In many sales deal scenarios, the sales team overrides the original
price based on the negotiated deal. Ad-hoc prices allow your team to override
predefined prices. Read the [getting started
guide](https://docs.stripe.com/products-prices/getting-started) to learn how to
create products and prices. If you already have a product catalog in another
system, you can also [import that product
catalog](https://docs.stripe.com/products-prices/getting-started#import-products-prices)
into Stripe using the API. If you have any questions, contact Stripe Support at
[support-migrations@stripe.com](mailto:support-migrations@stripe.com).

## Create a contract

Sales deals can become very complex. You might have billing cycle durations with
different pricing models, discounts, and advanced fee structures. A simple
scenario is when you ramp up your pricing over a period of three years. Stripe
Billing’s [subscription
schedules](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/subscription-schedules)
enable your sales team to create these deals. Your subscriptions can be basic
flat rate monthly deals or complex multi-year ramp ups.

The following sections describe some of the sales-led B2B billing capabilities
for creating a sales deal.

### Create contract subscriptions

Stripe’s sales-led B2B billing features work on top of Stripe Billing, our
subscriptions platform. Stripe Billing allows you to create subscriptions and
update different aspects of subscriptions, such as the billing cycle and the
subscription price. You can use subscription schedules to automate these updates
over time. Subscription schedules are made up of phases that define how and when
changes to a subscription occur. For example, you can set a subscription
schedule to begin a subscription on a future date. Here is a quick video of how
to create complex multi-phase subscription schedules using the Stripe Billing
dashboard:

Subscription schedules in the Dashboard

### Create contract invoices

Stripe’s sales-led B2B billing features also work on top of Stripe Invoicing,
allowing you to [create invoices](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing) with
complex fee structures, automated sales taxes, and due date modifications.
Converting a quote automatically creates an invoice. You can also create them
manually from the Stripe Dashboard. After you create the invoice, you can also
send the invoice link to your users to pay it through a hosted invoice page.
Stripe Invoicing automates the email reminders for any past due and failed
payments.

### Prebill customers in advance Beta

Some customers pay for a certain number of billing cycles when they sign the
deal. Sales prebills the customer when the deal is created. Using the Stripe
prebilling feature you can charge customers for more than the next service
period. This enables use cases like charging customers up front for their first
3 months when they sign up for your service, or charging early for an upcoming
renewal.

A prebilled subscription continues to cycle naturally, but no invoices are
generated based on the recurring price until the prebilled period has ended.
Prebilling creates an invoice immediately with the current period plus the
number of additional cycles to collect up front. Afterward, a prebilled
subscription continues to cycle naturally. One-off subscription invoices are
generated at the time of renewal if pending invoice items are created during the
prebilled period.

### Offer trials and discounts Beta

Sales teams often offer trials and discounts during deal negotiations to
incentivize customers. You can offer free time-based trials such as a 14-day
free trial before sending the invoices, or paid trials that have a promotional
price for the first 2 months of the deal.

### Additional discount features

You can apply multiple discounts to each phase of a given subscription. You can
also apply discounts at a line-item level for each price-point you sell.

## Update a contract Beta

Deals get updated often. For example, the customer might be approaching the end
of the deal and need a renewal plan, they might be buying a new product soon
after the closing, or requesting a change to the originally agreed upon
contract. All of these reasons cause sales teams to create an amendment.
Amendments allow your sales team to apply updates to deals without managing the
complex changes that need to happen to every phase of the subscription. You can
apply amendments directly to an existing deal or apply them through a new quote
agreement.

Changes to a deal such as upgrading or downgrading can result in prorated
charges. You can configure your deal to enable proration charges when you apply
amendments. You can also decide to handle prorations differently for different
phases of the deal using Stripe’s advanced proration features.

You can prebill customers, offer different trials, and apply additional
discounts during the deal update process. Your sales team can apply these
changes from the Stripe Dashboard or automate it through our [third-party
connectors](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors).

## Let customers manage invoices and subscriptions

You can use the Stripe customer portal as a no-code way to manage subscriptions
and invoices. You can configure the customer portal to allow certain
subscription management features for your customers. After you create and amend
deals, customers can go to the customer portal to manage their payment method,
download invoices, and pay invoices. Your sales team can share a direct link to
the customer portal with your customers or your product team to integrate it
inside your SaaS application.

You can also use the Stripe API and webhooks to automatically apply the deal
updates inside your SaaS app or sync with third-party tools.

## Migrate old deals to new pricing Beta

If you have deals that you need to update to a new pricing model, it might be
time consuming to update those deals manually. With the price migration toolkit,
you can migrate all or a portion of your existing deals to new pricing models.

If you have subscriptions from other sources, like an internal homegrown billing
system or a third-party billing solution, you can [import them into Stripe
Billing](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/migrate-subscriptions).
If you’re also moving payment processors from a third-party to Stripe Payments,
you can use our data migration process to request a migration on your behalf. To
request support on data migration, contact
[billing-migrations@stripe.com](mailto:billing-migrations@stripe.com).

## Billing features

Here’s a list of Stripe’s sales-led B2B billing capabilities. If you’re
interested in getting early access to some of these beta features, you can sign
up in the [form
above](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/sales-led-billing#request-early-access).

ComponentDescription
**Quotes**

Use [quotes](https://docs.stripe.com/quotes) to combine recurring and one-off
line items so you can provide your customers with a price estimate, including
any discounts or taxes.

**Advanced multi-phase quotes**

Beta
Create quotes with multiple phases that correspond to your sales process phases.

**Invoices**

Use [Stripe Invoicing](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing) to create, customize,
and send invoices to customers. Automatically charge your customer’s payment
method on file, or email them the invoice with or without a link to a payment
page.

**Hosted invoice page**

Use the [Hosted Invoice
Page](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing/hosted-invoice-page#set-payment-methods)
to securely collect payment from your customers. From the Hosted Invoice Page,
you can configure invoices to allow payment with one or more of the [supported
payment methods](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing/payment-methods).

**Subscriptions**

Create subscriptions and multi-phase subscription schedules to model your
complex deal flow.

**Prebilling**

Beta
Prebill customers ahead of schedule. Prebilling lets you charge customers in
advance for upcoming billing cycles.

**Advanced discounts**

Beta
Apply multiple discounts to subscriptions or individual line items.

**Prorate scheduled changes upfront**

Beta
By default, prorations might occur when the subscription is updated. When
updates are scheduled for the same billing cycle, simplify prorations by
prorating for all the scheduled changes up front rather than every time the
updates happen.

**Price migrations**

Beta
Use price migration to move customers from an old pricing model to a new pricing
model.

**Amendments**

Beta
Use amendments to update an existing multi-phase contract.

**Paid trials**

Beta
Charge a fee for trial days.

**Customer portal**

Let your customers manage their subscriptions through a Stripe-hosted [customer
portal](https://docs.stripe.com/customer-management) without writing any code.

## Links

- [quote functionalities](https://docs.stripe.com/quotes)
- [connectors](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors)
- [Stripe Billing connector for Salesforce
(beta)](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/integrations/salesforce)
- [getting started
guide](https://docs.stripe.com/products-prices/getting-started)
- [import that product
catalog](https://docs.stripe.com/products-prices/getting-started#import-products-prices)
- [subscription
schedules](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/subscription-schedules)
- [create invoices](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing)
- [import them into Stripe
Billing](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/migrate-subscriptions)
- [Hosted Invoice
Page](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing/hosted-invoice-page#set-payment-methods)
- [supported payment methods](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing/payment-methods)
- [customer portal](https://docs.stripe.com/customer-management)