# High risk merchant lists

## Learn the criteria for inclusion in MATCH and VMSS lists.

Card networks, such as Visa and Mastercard, operate databases known as
Terminated Merchant Files (TMFs) that contain information about accounts that
have been closed by credit card processors around the world for high chargebacks
or violations of card brand rules.

All payment processors must check these databases when accepting a new user, and
must also add merchants to the database if they close the account and it meets
TMF criteria.

Being placed on a TMF can have serious effects. While they’re only supposed to
be informational tools during the account application process, many entities
refuse to accept businesses or individuals listed on a TMF. For this reason,
it’s important to be aware of TMF criteria and make sure you avoid becoming
eligible.

The most common lists are Mastercard’s MATCH and Visa’s VMSS. In the following
sections, we describe how MATCH and VMSS qualification works and what happens to
MATCH entries.

## MATCH

MATCH stands for Mastercard Alert to Control High-risk Merchants system. MATCH
is Mastercard’s database of Terminated Merchant Files (TMFs) that contain
information about accounts that have been closed by credit card processors
around the world for high chargebacks or violations of card brand rules.

### Criteria for MATCH qualification

When a relationship ends between a business and a credit card processor, the
processor must determine whether the business meets criteria to be placed on
MATCH.

If any MATCH criteria are satisfied, the processor must add information about
the business to MATCH within one business day of termination or within one
business day of the account becoming eligible for MATCH after termination.

#### MATCH qualitative criteria

The majority of MATCH criteria, or “reason codes,” involve breaches of card
network rules, including illegal activity and collusion. These 11 reason codes,
and the exact Mastercard definition, are listed below.

The Identity Theft reason code should be used when a fraudulent account is
opened with stolen information, and the listing of this information on MATCH
should not hamper the legitimate identity holder from opening a processing
account. It instead serves as a warning to the credit card processor that the
application may contain stolen identity information.

Code ReasonDescription1Account Data CompromiseAn occurrence that results,
directly or indirectly, in the unauthorized access to or disclosure of Account
data.2Common Point of PurchaseAccount data is stolen at the Merchant and then
used for fraudulent purchases at other Merchant locations.3LaunderingThe
Merchant was engaged in laundering activity. Laundering means that a Merchant
presented to its Acquirer Transaction records that were not valid Transactions
for sales of goods or services between that Merchant and a bona fide
Cardholder.7Fraud ConvictionThere was a criminal fraud conviction of a principal
owner or partner of the Merchant.8Mastercard Questionable Merchant Audit
ProgramThe Merchant was determined to be a Questionable Merchant as per the
criteria set forth in the Mastercard Questionable Merchant Audit
Program.9Bankruptcy/Liquidation/InsolvencyThe Merchant was unable or is likely
to become unable to discharge its financial obligations.10Violation of
StandardsWith respect to a Merchant reported by a Mastercard Acquirer, the
Merchant was in violation of one or more Standards that describe procedures to
be employed by the Merchant in Transactions in which Cards are used, including,
by way of example and not limitation, the Standards for honoring all Cards,
displaying the Marks, charges to Cardholders, minimum/ maximum Transaction
amount restrictions, and prohibited Transactions set forth in Chapter 5 of the
Mastercard Rules manual.11Merchant CollusionThe Merchant participated in
fraudulent collusive activity.12PCIDSS Non-ComplianceThe Merchant failed to
comply with Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard (DSS)
requirements.13Illegal TransactionsThe Merchant was engaged in illegal
Transactions.14Identity TheftThe Acquirer has reason to believe that the
identity of the listed Merchant or its principal owners was unlawfully assumed
for the purpose of unlawfully entering into a Merchant Agreement.
#### MATCH quantitative criteria

Two MATCH reason codes have specific numeric thresholds defined by Mastercard
for when processors must add accounts to MATCH.

These reason codes, which involve chargeback and fraud activity on an account,
are the most common reasons for being added to MATCH, and can affect businesses
that are not engaged in illegal or rule-violating activity. These reason codes
are as follows:

Code ReasonDescription4Excessive ChargebacksWith respect to a Merchant reported
by a Mastercard Acquirer, the number of Mastercard chargebacks in any single
month exceeded 1% of the number of Mastercard sales Transactions in that month,
and those chargebacks totaled USD 5,000 or more.5Excessive FraudThe Merchant
effected fraudulent Transactions of any type (counterfeit or otherwise) meeting
or exceeding the following minimum reporting Standard: the Merchant’s
fraud-to-sales dollar volume ratio was 8% or greater in a calendar month, and
the Merchant effected 10 or more fraudulent Transactions totaling USD 5,000 or
more in that calendar month.
### Additional information on excessive chargebacks and fraud

These MATCH reason codes are separate from card brand chargeback and fraud
monitoring programs operated by Visa and Mastercard. However, as defined, the
excessive chargebacks criteria only applies to activity on Mastercard cards,
even though MATCH is required by all major card networks. If dispute activity
does not take place on a Mastercard card, it would not qualify toward MATCH
counts. Other card networks may ask for businesses to be listed on MATCH if
those businesses hit the “excessive” stages of their card brand monitoring
programs or are fined as part of those programs.

A month is defined as a calendar month. For example, if a processor were
evaluating MATCH eligibility from the month of January, they would look at the
number of transactions in January and the number of chargebacks in January—not
the number of chargebacks from transactions made in January.

Once a business meets the excessive chargebacks or fraud MATCH criteria in a
calendar month, the merchant must be added to MATCH if the processing
relationship is terminated, even if the processing relationship is not ended in
that calendar month. For example, if a business only meets MATCH criteria in
February, and the processing relationship is not ended until September, the
processor is still required to add information to MATCH even though the
qualifying activity took place in February. Additionally, even if a business
does not meet MATCH criteria when the relationship is initially terminated, it
can still qualify for MATCH if the criteria are met afterward—for example, if
chargebacks are initiated after termination.

#### Example qualification data

Take the following sample data from a calendar month:

- Number of Mastercard transactions: 125
- Number of Mastercard chargebacks: 6
- Ratio of chargebacks to transactions: (6/125) = 4.8
- Volume of Mastercard chargebacks: $6250

In this case, the business would qualify for MATCH for excessive chargebacks if
the processing relationship later terminates. It does not matter if chargebacks
are later reversed or won by the merchant.

There is no minimum number of chargebacks for MATCH qualification for excessive
chargebacks.

### Information added to MATCH

The card networks require that the following information be added to MATCH if
available:

- Business Legal Name and DBA
- Business Address
- Business Phone Number
- Business Tax ID
- Business URL
- Principal Owner Name
- Principal Owner Address
- Principal Owner Phone Number
- Principal Owner Tax ID
- Account Opening Date and Termination Date
- MATCH Reason Code

Mastercard does not assess the accuracy of MATCH listings.

### Removal from MATCH

Unfortunately, Stripe—or any other processor—usually cannot remove an account’s
information from MATCH upon request. A processor can only remove a MATCH entry
if:

- The processor added the business to MATCH in error.
- The listing is for MATCH reason code 12 (Payment Card Industry Data Security
Standard Noncompliance) and the processor has confirmed that the business has
become compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.

If you believe either of those two situations exist, you’ll need to reach out to
the processor that listed your information on MATCH to be removed. Records
remain on the MATCH system for five years before being automatically purged by
Mastercard.

### Next steps if you’re listed on MATCH

If you’re listed on MATCH, you’re likely to find out when you attempt to sign up
for a new processor. MATCH is only supposed to be used as an informational tool
by processors during the application process; however, the presence of a MATCH
listing often means that an application is declined.

You’ll need to reach out to your previous processor to find out why your
information was added to MATCH. Note, however, that MATCH criteria are
determined by Mastercard and processors are required to follow this criteria.
Stripe cannot remove a merchant that met the “excessive chargebacks” criteria
even if the business has remediated the issues leading to chargebacks, for
example.

Due to banking partner restrictions, Stripe generally cannot process for
businesses listed on MATCH unless extenuating circumstances apply, such as the
case of a legitimate merchant who previously had their identity information
stolen.

If you require assistance with a dispute, [contact Stripe
support](https://support.stripe.com/contact).

## VMSS

VMSS is Visa’s database of Terminated Merchant Files (TMFs) that contain
information about accounts that have been closed by credit card processors
around the world for high chargebacks or violations of card brand rules.

### Criteria for VMSS Qualification

When a relationship ends between a business and a credit card processor, the
processor must determine whether the business meets the criteria to be placed on
VMSS.

If any VMSS criteria are satisfied, the processor must add information about the
terminated business to VMSS.

#### VMSS qualitative criteria

The majority of VMSS criteria, or “reason codes,” involve breaches of card
network rules, including illegal activity and collusion. See the 13 reason codes
and the exact Visa definition below.

The `Identity Theft` reason code applies when a fraudulent account is opened
with stolen information, and the listing of this information on VMSS should not
hamper the legitimate identity holder from opening a processing account. It
instead serves as a warning to the credit card processor that the application
might contain stolen identity information.

Code ReasonDescription23Transaction LaunderingThe Merchant or Third Party Agent
misrepresented the source of submitted transactions (unauthorized aggregation),
and/or submitted transactions on behalf of another Merchant
(factoring).24Illegal TransactionsThe Merchant or Third Party Agent submitted
unlawful and/or prohibited transactions into the payment system.25Visa Risk
Compliance Program IdentificationThe Merchant or Third Party Agent was
terminated at the Acquirer’s discretion after identification in a Visa risk
compliance program and did not adequately remediate.26Merchant CollusionThe
Merchant or Third Party Agent colluded to commit fraud.27Common Point of
Purchase (CPP)The Merchant or Third Party Agent was identified as a location
where account data from legitimate transactions was compromised for use in
subsequent fraudulent activity (including skimming) and did not adequately
remediate.28Fraud ConvictionThe principal owners of a Merchant outlet or Third
Party Agent was/were convicted of a fraud
crime.29Bankruptcy/Liquidation/InsolvencyThe Merchant or Third Party Agent
cannot fulfill its financial obligations due to potential or actual bankruptcy,
insolvency, or suspension of business operations.30Violation of Merchant or
Third Party Agent AgreementThe Merchant or Third Party Agent breached their
agreement.31Violation of the Visa RulesThe Merchant or Third Party Agent
violated the Visa Rules exposing the Acquirer of the payment system to undue
risk.32Account Information Security Program NoncomplianceThe Merchant or Third
Party Agent was non-compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security
Standard (PCI DSS) and/or the Payment Application Data Security Standard
(PA-DSS) requirements.33Account Data CompromiseThe Merchant or Third Party Agent
suffered a data breach, directly or indirectly resulting in an unauthorized
disclosure of payment account and/or transaction information.34Merchant Identity
TheftThe Merchant application was submitted using principal owner and /or
corporate officer information belonging to individuals that were never party to
the Merchant agreement.35Disqualification from the Visa Payment SystemVisa
disqualified the Merchant or Third Party Agent from participating in the Visa
payment system.
#### VMSS quantitative criteria

Two VMSS reason codes have specific numeric thresholds defined by Visa for when
processors must add accounts to the VMSS list.

These reason codes, which involve chargeback and fraud activity on an account,
are the most common reasons for being added to VMSS, and can affect businesses
that aren’t engaged in illegal or rule-violating activity. These reason codes
are as follows:

Code ReasonDescription21Excessive FraudThe Merchant or Third Party Agent
submitted excessive fraudulent transactions (US$250,000 fraud amount and 1.8
percent (180 basis points) fraud-to-sales amount ratio in any single month) into
payment system, and did not adequately remediate.22Excessive DisputesThe
Merchant or Third Party Agent generated excessive disputes (1,000 dispute count,
and 1.8 percent (180 basis points) dispute-to-sales amount ratio in any single
month) into payment system and did not adequately remediate.
### Removal from VMSS

Stripe—or any other processor—usually can’t remove an account’s information from
VMSS upon request. A processor can only remove a VMSS entry if the processor
themselves added the business to VMSS in error.

### Next steps if you’re listed on VMSS

If you’re listed on VMSS, you might not know until you attempt to sign up for a
new processor. VMSS is only supposed to be used as an informational tool by
processors during the application process; however, the presence of a VMSS
listing often leads to an application being declined.

You’ll need to contact your previous processor to find out why your information
was added to VMSS. However, VMSS criteria are determined by Visa and processors
are required to follow this criteria. Stripe can’t remove a business that met
the “excessive chargebacks” criteria under any circumstances. For example, this
is true even if the business has remediated the issues leading to chargebacks.

Because of banking partner restrictions, Stripe generally can’t process for
businesses listed on VMSS unless extenuating circumstances apply, such as the
case of a legitimate business who previously had their identity information
stolen.

If you require assistance with a dispute, [contact Stripe
support](https://support.stripe.com/contact).

## Links

- [contact Stripe support](https://support.stripe.com/contact)