# Select your reader

## Learn about Stripe's pre-certified card readers and Tap to Pay.

Stripe readers offer end-to-end encryption by default and remote management
tools. Select your form of payment acceptance to learn how to set it up:

[Stripe Reader
S700](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/stripe-reader-s700)

[BBPOS WisePOS
E](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/bbpos-wisepos-e)

[Stripe Reader
M2](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/stripe-m2)

[BBPOS WisePad
3](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/bbpos-wisepad3)

[Tap to Pay](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/tap-to-pay)

If you don’t have a reader, you can [order
readers](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/fleet/order-and-return-readers) from
the Dashboard and have them shipped to a location of your choice. As a
[Connect](https://docs.stripe.com/connect) platform, you can enable your
connected accounts to receive readers and accessories at their business
location.

If you’re not sure which reader is right for you, [design your
integration](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/designing-integration) and choose
a reader that works with your application and physical sales environment.

If you don’t have a physical reader, you can use the simulated reader to build
and test your Terminal integration. The simulated reader doesn’t require any
setup and you can start by [setting up your
integration](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration).

To choose a reader or a platform, consult the tables on this page. Or, to
explore specific combinations, see [Design an
integration](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/designing-integration).

#### Warning

Stripe readers aren’t liquid-proof and we recommend that users make appropriate
efforts to make sure their devices remain dry. If your device has experienced
liquid ingress, we recommend that you stop using the device and let it dry
thoroughly before attempting to re-use or charge the device. If your device
doesn’t properly operate or charge properly after drying, you need to replace
it.

## Reader comparison

This table shows the features of the currently available readers.

[Stripe Reader
S700](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/readers/stripe-reader-s700)[BBPOS WisePOS
E](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/bbpos-wisepos-e)[Stripe
Reader
M2](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/stripe-m2)[BBPOS
WisePad
3](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/bbpos-wisepad3)[Tap to
Pay](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/tap-to-pay)Country
availability [Supported
countries](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader#availability)[Supported
countries](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader#availability)US
only[Supported
countries](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader#availability)
Non-US[Supported
countries](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader#availability)Device
category sPOSsPOSmPOSmPOS[Compatible
iPhone](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/tap-to-pay?platform=ios#supported-devices)s
and [Android
devices](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/tap-to-pay?platform=android#supported-devices)Reader
connection InternetInternetBluetooth, USBBluetooth, USB–Payment types
Contactless cards and digital walletsEMV chip cards–Magstripe cards––[Offline
mode](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/operate-offline/collect-card-payments)
Preview Preview–Reporting and device management Basic device reporting and
monitoringBasic reporting[Terminal Hardware Ordering (THOr)
API](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/fleet/order-and-return-readers#use-the-hardware-orders-api)
Preview–Integration
[iOS](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=ios)[Android](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=android)[React
Native](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=react-native)
Preview[Server-driven
integration](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=server-driven)–––[Javascript](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=js)–––On-reader
experiences [Custom splash
screen](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/fleet/splash-screen)–––[Tipping](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/collecting-tips/on-reader)On
receipt tipping onlyUser can implement this functionality within their iOS or
Android app[Ability to collect input
on-screen](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/collect-inputs)
Preview––User can implement this functionality within their iOS or Android app
**Ability to run custom POS app**

Paid feature, [contact your sales
representative](https://stripe.com/contact/sales)

–

–

–

User can implement this functionality within their iOS or Android app

### Device specs and accessories

Reader typeStripe Reader S700, BBPOS WisePOS E, Stripe Reader M2, BBPOS WisePad
3, Tap to PayAttributes[Stripe Reader
S700](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/readers/stripe-reader-s700)[BBPOS WisePOS
E](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/bbpos-wisepos-e)[Stripe
Reader
M2](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/stripe-m2)[BBPOS
WisePad
3](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/bbpos-wisepad3)[Tap to
Pay](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/tap-to-pay)Approximate
dimensions161.9 x 81.6 x 21.4 mm / 6.375 x 3.187 x 0.875 in188.6 x 76.2 x 32.7
mm / 7.43 x 3 x 1.29 in73.5 x 67 x 19.5 mm / 2.89 x 2.63 x 0.76 in69.7 x 121.7 x
17.7 mm / 2.74 x 4.79 x 0.7 in–Approximate weight318g318g85g / 2.99oz130g /
4.59ozDisplay5.5" IPS LCD display with Gorilla glass, 1920 x 1080, 580 nit5" IPS
display capacitive touch screen–2.4" color LCD (320 x 240) with backlight–
Battery

Battery capacity: Rechargeable Li-polymer, 3.7V, 4,950mAh

Battery life: 2.5 hours time to charge, 140 hours (standby), 15 hours (active
use)

Battery capacity: Rechargeable Li-polymer, 3.7v, 3,200mAh

Battery life: 2.75 hours time to charge, 250 hours (standby), 12 hours (active
use)

Battery capacity: Rechargeable Li-polymer, 3.7V, 520mAh

Battery life: 2 hours time to charge, 42 hours (standby), 28 hours (active use)

Battery capacity: Rechargeable Li-polymer, 3.7v, 750 mAh

Battery life: 2 hours time to charge, 20 hours (standby), 15 hours (active use)

–

Memory4GB RAM2GB RAM128kb RAM128kb RAM–Storage64GB16GB1MB1MB–ProcessorOcta Core
A53Quad Core Cortex A7Cortex M4 Secure MCUCortex M4 Secure MCU–Charging
connectionUSB-C port, Accessory dockMicro-USB port, Accessory dockUSB-C
portUSB-C port, Accessory dock–Communication interfaceWiFi, Ethernet (with
optional hub)WiFi, Ethernet (with optional dock)Bluetooth, USB (Android SDK
only)Bluetooth 4.2 BLE, USB (Android SDK only)–Operating systemAndroid 10Android
9ProprietaryProprietaryiOS 16.0 and later or Android 11 and laterCameraFront and
rear present but not supportedRear present but not supported–––Audio
jack–––MicrophoneFront and rear present but not supportedFront and rear present
but not supported–––

[Security](https://support.stripe.com/questions/stripe-terminal-encryption-e2ee-vs-p2pe)

End-to-end encryption, P2PE ready, Mail order telephone order (MO/TO) P2PE

[PCI
listing](https://listings.pcisecuritystandards.org/popups/pts_device.php?appnum=4-30512)

End-to-end encryption, P2PE ready , Mail order telephone order (MO/TO) P2PE

[PCI
listing](https://listings.pcisecuritystandards.org/popups/pts_device.php?appnum=4-90102)

End-to-end encryption, P2PE ready

[PCI
listing](https://listings.pcisecuritystandards.org/popups/pts_device.php?appnum=4-30457)

End-to-end encryption, P2PE ready

[PCI
listing](https://listings.pcisecuritystandards.org/popups/pts_device.php?appnum=4-30378)

End-to-end encryption

Stripe-designed accessoriesStripe case, Dock, Hub, Third-party standDockDock,
Mount––
*Battery life information is only an estimate. Battery life varies depending on
a number of factors including product specifications, settings, and applications
or deployed features.

## Integration platform comparison

Mobile application SDKs for all reader types:

- [Android
SDK](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=android)
- [iOS
SDK](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=ios)
- [React Native
SDK](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=react-native)

For smart readers only without offline payment support:

- [Server-driven
integration](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=server-driven),
which uses the Stripe API rather than a Terminal client SDK
- [JavaScript
SDK](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=js)

Choose an integration based on the following factors:

- [Preferred
reader](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader#reader)
- [Desired
features](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader#feature-table)
- Your technology stack
- [Network requirements](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/network-requirements)

### Feature table

This table lists the features of the five integration platforms.

[Android](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=android)
[iOS](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=ios)
[React
Native](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=react-native)
[JavaScript](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=js)
[Server-driven](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=server-driven)
Available in USAvailable in [other supported
countries](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/regional)[Bluetooth reader
support](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/connect-reader?reader-type=bluetooth)––[Smart
reader
support](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/connect-reader?reader-type=internet)[Multiparty
payments with
Connect](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/connect)[Collect
tips](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/collecting-tips/overview)[Save
cards for future
use](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/saving-cards/overview)[Refund
transactions](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/refunds)[Provide
receipts](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/receipts)[Display cart
details](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/display)[Incremental
authorizations](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/incremental-authorizations)[Extended
authorizations](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/extended-authorizations)[USB
support](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/connect-reader?reader-type=usb)–––[Operate
offline](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/operate-offline/overview)Preview––
## Global availability

Not all readers are available in every country. This table lists the readers and
platforms you can use in each country.

CountriesAndroid**iOS**JavaScriptServer-DrivenUnited StatesStripe Reader
M2Bluetooth or USBStripe Reader S700SmartWisePOS ESmartTap to PayEmbeddedStripe
Reader M2BluetoothStripe Reader S700SmartWisePOS ESmartTap to PayEmbeddedStripe
Reader S700SmartWisePOS ESmartStripe Reader S700SmartWisePOS
ESmartAustraliaCanadaItalyNetherlandsWisePad 3Bluetooth or USBStripe Reader
S700SmartWisePOS ESmartTap to Pay*EmbeddedWisePad 3BluetoothStripe Reader
S700SmartWisePOS ESmartTap to PayEmbeddedStripe Reader S700SmartWisePOS
ESmartStripe Reader S700*SmartWisePOS ESmartIrelandNew ZealandUnited
KingdomWisePad 3Bluetooth or USBStripe Reader S700SmartWisePOS ESmartTap to
PayEmbeddedWisePad 3BluetoothStripe Reader S700SmartWisePOS ESmartTap to
PayEmbeddedStripe Reader S700SmartWisePOS ESmartStripe Reader S700*SmartWisePOS
ESmartSingaporeWisePad 3Bluetooth or USBStripe Reader S700SmartWisePOS ESmartTap
to PayEmbeddedWisePad 3BluetoothStripe Reader S700SmartWisePOS ESmartStripe
Reader S700SmartWisePOS ESmartStripe Reader S700*SmartWisePOS
ESmartFranceGermanyWisePad 3Bluetooth or USBStripe Reader S700SmartTap to
Pay*EmbeddedWisePad 3BluetoothStripe Reader S700SmartTap to Pay*EmbeddedStripe
Reader S700SmartStripe Reader
S700*SmartBelgiumDenmarkLuxembourgMalaysiaNorwaySpainWisePad 3Bluetooth or
USBStripe Reader S700SmartWisePOS ESmartTap to Pay*EmbeddedWisePad
3BluetoothStripe Reader S700SmartWisePOS ESmartStripe Reader S700SmartWisePOS
ESmartStripe Reader S700*SmartWisePOS ESmartAustriaCzech
RepublicFinlandPoland+PortugalSwedenSwitzerlandWisePad 3Bluetooth or USBStripe
Reader S700SmartWisePOS ESmartTap to Pay*EmbeddedWisePad 3BluetoothStripe Reader
S700SmartWisePOS ESmartTap to Pay*EmbeddedStripe Reader S700SmartWisePOS
ESmartStripe Reader S700*SmartWisePOS ESmart+Terminal is currently in beta in
this country.*This Terminal integration shape is currently in
beta.**Compatibility for this mobile SDK also applies when used with React
Native.
## Connection to Stripe

Before processing payments, you must
[connect](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/connect-reader) a Terminal
reader to your point of sale application using the Terminal SDK. Each reader can
only connect to one instance of the SDK at a time. For example, if you want four
mobile readers in your store and your app runs on iOS, you also need four iOS
devices. Only one reader connects to the SDK at a time.

## Pre-certification

In-person payments must follow strict rules to meet PCI compliance, PCI
certifications, and EMV certifications.

Terminal offers pre-certified readers that accept payment details (EMV,
contactless, and swiped), encrypt sensitive card information, and return a token
to your application through the Stripe Terminal SDK so you can confirm payment.

## Reader software updates

Stripe and our hardware partners periodically release reader software updates,
which can include improvements and required security updates. Your application
must include support for automatic updates. Failing to install a required update
can prevent a reader from accepting payments. Smart readers update themselves
automatically when powered on, sufficiently charged, and not in use. Bluetooth
readers
[update](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/connect-reader?reader-type=bluetooth#update-reader)
themselves automatically upon connection to your point of sale.

## Other supported readers

Stripe Terminal also supports these readers. If you’re interested in these
devices, [contact sales](https://stripe.com/contact/sales) to discuss or place
an order.

[Verifone
P400](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/verifone-p400)

[BBPOS Chipper 2X
BT](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/bbpos-chipper2xbt)

## See also

- [Order
readers](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/fleet/order-and-return-readers)
- [Set up your
integration](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration)

## Links

- [Browse available readers and
accessories.](https://dashboard.stripe.com/terminal/shop)
- [compatible
iPhones](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/tap-to-pay?platform=ios#supported-devices)
- [Android
devices.](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/tap-to-pay?platform=android#supported-devices)
- [Stripe Reader
S700](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/stripe-reader-s700)
- [BBPOS WisePOS
E](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/bbpos-wisepos-e)
- [Stripe Reader
M2](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/stripe-m2)
- [BBPOS WisePad
3](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/bbpos-wisepad3)
- [Tap to
Pay](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/tap-to-pay)
- [order
readers](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/fleet/order-and-return-readers)
- [Connect](https://docs.stripe.com/connect)
- [design your
integration](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/designing-integration)
- [setting up your
integration](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration)
- [Stripe Reader
S700](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/readers/stripe-reader-s700)
- [Offline
mode](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/operate-offline/collect-card-payments)
- [Terminal Hardware Ordering (THOr)
API](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/fleet/order-and-return-readers#use-the-hardware-orders-api)
-
[iOS](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=ios)
-
[Android](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=android)
- [React
Native](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=react-native)
- [Server-driven
integration](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=server-driven)
-
[Javascript](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration?terminal-sdk-platform=js)
- [Custom splash screen](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/fleet/splash-screen)
- [Tipping](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/collecting-tips/on-reader)
- [Ability to collect input
on-screen](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/collect-inputs)
- [Ability to run custom POS
app](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/apps-on-devices/overview)
- [contact your sales representative](https://stripe.com/contact/sales)
-
[Security](https://support.stripe.com/questions/stripe-terminal-encryption-e2ee-vs-p2pe)
- [PCI
listing](https://listings.pcisecuritystandards.org/popups/pts_device.php?appnum=4-30512)
- [PCI
listing](https://listings.pcisecuritystandards.org/popups/pts_device.php?appnum=4-90102)
- [PCI
listing](https://listings.pcisecuritystandards.org/popups/pts_device.php?appnum=4-30457)
- [PCI
listing](https://listings.pcisecuritystandards.org/popups/pts_device.php?appnum=4-30378)
- [Preferred
reader](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader#reader)
- [Desired
features](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader#feature-table)
- [Network requirements](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/network-requirements)
- [other supported
countries](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/regional)
- [Bluetooth reader
support](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/connect-reader?reader-type=bluetooth)
- [Smart reader
support](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/connect-reader?reader-type=internet)
- [Multiparty payments with
Connect](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/connect)
- [Collect
tips](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/collecting-tips/overview)
- [Save cards for future
use](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/saving-cards/overview)
- [Refund transactions](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/refunds)
- [Provide receipts](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/receipts)
- [Display cart details](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/display)
- [Incremental
authorizations](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/incremental-authorizations)
- [Extended
authorizations](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/extended-authorizations)
- [USB
support](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/connect-reader?reader-type=usb)
- [Operate
offline](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/features/operate-offline/overview)
- [connect](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/connect-reader)
-
[update](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/connect-reader?reader-type=bluetooth#update-reader)
- [Verifone
P400](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/verifone-p400)
- [BBPOS Chipper 2X
BT](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/bbpos-chipper2xbt)