# Multiple currencies with Stripe and NetSuite

## Learn how the Stripe Connector for NetSuite reconciles payments in multiple currencies.

The Stripe Connector for NetSuite supports payments in multiple currencies, and
can automatically reconcile payments that require [currency
conversion](https://docs.stripe.com/currencies/conversions).

You have two options to use Stripe with multiple currencies:

- Use a single Stripe account to accept payments in multiple currencies, and
allow Stripe to convert the payments to the currency of your settlement bank.
- Use multiple Stripe accounts attached to various subsidiaries of your
companies. In this case, you connect a settlement account to these Stripe
accounts, one for each currency you support. Stripe creates a bank deposit for
each settlement currency in each Stripe account to avoid currency conversion
fees.

## Customers

NetSuite requires that you add supported currencies to a NetSuite customer. If a
customer attempts payment with a currency that isn’t specified for that
customer, it results in a failed sync.

To prevent a failed sync, the connector can do the following:

- Add all available currencies to the NetSuite customers *created by* the
connector.
- Add all available currencies to the NetSuite customers *used by* the
connector.

### Add currencies to customers created by the connector

You can set up the connector to add all available currencies in NetSuite to
customers created by the connector. Set this up if you use [Stripe
Billing](https://docs.stripe.com/billing) or
[Invoicing](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing), configured the connector to
create customers, and your customers make payments in multiple currencies.

### Add currencies to customers used by the connector

You can set up the connector to add all available currencies in NetSuite to
customers that weren’t created by the connector but that the connector uses. Set
this up if you haven’t added a currency to a NetSuite customer, but you need to
process a payment for that customer.

For example, your business creates a customer and adds only USD as a supported
currency. That customer attempts to make a payment in EUR, which results in
NetSuite returning an error indicating that EUR isn’t available for that
customer. The connector detects this and automatically adds all available
currencies to the NetSuite customer.

## Charges and refunds

The connector chooses the currency for a NetSuite payment or refund to match the
currency of the Stripe payment. If the currencies aren’t the same, the deposit
displays the amount of the converted currency.

For example, your customer sees a payment amount of 2,460.22 EUR. This amount is
the NetSuite payment or refund. Your payout amount is 2,902.03 USD, less
processing and currency conversion fees. This amount is the converted currency
amount specified in the bank deposit in NetSuite.

If the currency of the Stripe payment doesn’t exist in the NetSuite account, the
connector won’t sync the payment until you create the currency in NetSuite.
Stripe doesn’t create currencies in NetSuite; you must make sure the appropriate
currencies exist in your NetSuite account.

## Transaction exchange rate

When creating a payment or refund, Stripe provides the exchange rate used on the
transaction and for settlement. Instead of using the exchange rate generated by
NetSuite, the connector uses the exchange rate from Stripe. This helps to
eliminate the foreign exchange gain or loss that typically posts to your general
ledger when transactions reconcile to a bank deposit.

Refunds and disputes create both a `Credit Memo` and `Customer Refund` in
NetSuite. Both NetSuite records use the exchange rate from Stripe.

### Invoices

If you use [invoice
automation](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/invoice-automation), the
connector creates invoices each billing period. Stripe doesn’t generate an
exchange rate for these invoices, so the connector uses the exchange rate
generated by NetSuite.

### Exchange rate and subsidiary currencies

The exchange rate in NetSuite is relative to the currency of the subsidiary. For
example, you have a NetSuite transaction in USD and the subsidiary currency is
EUR. The exchange rate for the transaction is USD to EUR.

To prevent issues when there’s a mismatch between the currencies for
transactions, settlements, and subsidiaries, you can set the subsidiary currency
to the settlement currency of the integrated Stripe account.

Because NetSuite only supports an exchange rate that’s the subsidiary currency,
it doesn’t use the Stripe exchange rate.

## Payouts

When Stripe payouts sync to NetSuite, the connector creates a deposit. The
connector chooses a bank account for the NetSuite deposit based on the currency
of the payout.

If your NetSuite account has multiple bank accounts for a currency, you can set
the default account for the currency. To do so, navigate to **Settings** >
**Account mapping** > **Bank deposit accounts** in the connector app.

For example, Stripe deposits 75 EUR as 100 USD. In Netsuite, you see the
following records:

- NetSuite `Customer Payment` with a payment amount of 75 and EUR currency
- NetSuite `Deposit` associated with a EUR bank account, a `Customer Payment`
amount of 100, and the EUR amount set to 75

If the currency differs from the bank account currency, you can enter the
deposit amount for the payment or refund. The connector automatically enters the
converted currency amount from Stripe.

## Multiple settlement accounts

By default, Stripe converts all multi-currency charges to a base currency on
your account. If you want settlements in additional currencies, you can add bank
accounts in various [supported
currencies](https://docs.stripe.com/payouts#supported-accounts-and-settlement-currencies).
This allows you to manage foreign exchange risk and [currency
conversion](https://docs.stripe.com/currencies/conversions) on your own.

## Charges in previously unused currencies

You can charge customers in a previously unused currency by adding a bank
account with that currency and setting up the account to post automated bank
deposits. To do so, navigate to **Settings** > **Account mapping** > **Bank
deposit accounts** in the connector app.

## Currency conversion fees

Stripe bundles currency conversion fees with processing fees, by default. If
needed, you can configure the connector to separate the currency conversion fees
onto its own line item on the deposit. You can then post this line item to a
unique account, so you can track currency conversion fees separately from
processing fees.

This feature modifies the
[fee_details](https://docs.stripe.com/api/balance_transactions/object#balance_transaction_object-fee_details)
API response for your account’s `Balance Transaction`. Make sure this change
won’t affect any of your other integrations.

## Links

- [currency conversion](https://docs.stripe.com/currencies/conversions)
- [Stripe Billing](https://docs.stripe.com/billing)
- [Invoicing](https://docs.stripe.com/invoicing)
- [invoice
automation](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/invoice-automation)
- [supported
currencies](https://docs.stripe.com/payouts#supported-accounts-and-settlement-currencies)
-
[fee_details](https://docs.stripe.com/api/balance_transactions/object#balance_transaction_object-fee_details)