# Migrate payment data

## Learn how to migrate your payment data to or from Stripe.

If you need to transfer sensitive payment information to or from another payment
processor, or even between Stripe accounts, we can help you do so in a secure
and
[PCI-compliant](https://docs.stripe.com/security/guide#validating-pci-compliance)
way.

For each type of data migration, you must request both customer records and the
associated payment data. Use Stripe’s [Customer
API](https://docs.stripe.com/api/customers) to create, update, or retrieve
customer data that doesn’t include payment information.

We also have processes supporting multi-directional data migration.

## Import payment data to Stripe

If you’re switching to Stripe from another processor or need to add payment data
to your Stripe account, request a data import.

[Request a payment data importSecurely import sensitive payment method data to
Stripe.](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/data-migrations/pan-import)[Upload
supplementary dataProvide supplementary data for your
migration.](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/data-migrations/supplementary-data)[Map
payment data to Stripe customersMap your migration data to pre-existing
customers, if necessary, to prevent duplicating
records.](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/data-migrations/map-payment-data)
## Export payment data from Stripe

If you’re moving from Stripe to another processor or need to transfer payment
data to a different provider, you can request a data export.

[Request a payment data exportSecurely export sensitive payment data to a new
provider.](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/data-migrations/pan-export)[Export
file formatsFiles we export adhere to our data export
standards.](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/data-migrations/export-file-formats)
## payment data between Stripe accounts

If you want to transfer data between two Stripe accounts, complete a self-serve
copy migration.

[ PAN data across Stripe accountsSecurely copy sensitive primary account
number data within
Stripe.](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/data-migrations/pan-copy-self-serve)

## Links

-
[PCI-compliant](https://docs.stripe.com/security/guide#validating-pci-compliance)
- [Customer API](https://docs.stripe.com/api/customers)
- [Request a payment data importSecurely import sensitive payment method data to
Stripe.](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/data-migrations/pan-import)
- [Upload supplementary dataProvide supplementary data for your
migration.](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/data-migrations/supplementary-data)
- [Map payment data to Stripe customersMap your migration data to pre-existing
customers, if necessary, to prevent duplicating
records.](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/data-migrations/map-payment-data)
- [Request a payment data exportSecurely export sensitive payment data to a new
provider.](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/data-migrations/pan-export)
- [Export file formatsFiles we export adhere to our data export
standards.](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/data-migrations/export-file-formats)
- [ PAN data across Stripe accountsSecurely copy sensitive primary account
number data within
Stripe.](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/data-migrations/pan-copy-self-serve)