# Incorporation documents

## Learn about the documents Atlas uses to incorporate your company.

Here are the documents Atlas uses to incorporate your company. After you form
your company, you can view your incorporation documents in the
[Documents](https://dashboard.stripe.com/atlas/documents) tab of your Atlas
Dashboard.

C corporationLLC
Atlas helps you set up a company using templates created in collaboration with
Cooley LLP. These include common defaults and don’t include non-compete and
non-solicit clauses. This service isn’t a substitute for legal advice. If you
need customized documents, consider speaking with a lawyer.

DocumentDescriptionCertificate of IncorporationFiled with the Delaware Division
of Corporations to incorporate your company. Appoints your registered agent.
Often needed to open a bank account. Contains your seven-digit state file number
assigned by Delaware.Action by Written Consent of Sole IncorporatorAppoints the
initial board of directors.BylawsDefines the role of the board and officers, and
company procedures such as holding board meetings and approving shares. Sets
standard rules for corporate governance.Certificate of Secretary of
BylawsConfirms adoption of the company’s bylaws. Evidence your company has
followed standard corporate procedures since incorporation.Initial Action by the
Board of DirectorsServes as your initial board meeting and approves issuance of
founders’ shares. Describes standard company tasks like approving the Bylaws,
electing officers, and setting your company’s fiscal year.Indemnification
AgreementProtects the company’s officers and directors in the event of lawsuits
while serving in their roles. Outlines when and how the company will cover
expenses associated with lawsuits.Stockholder Consent of Indemnification
AgreementsApproves the Indemnification Agreement. Allows your company to provide
legal protection for your leadership team when they act on behalf of the
company.Form SS-4Filed by Atlas with the IRS to request a tax ID (EIN) for your
company.Form 8821Gives Atlas permission to call the IRS on your behalf to
prevent delays in getting your EIN.Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement and
Assignment AgreementDefines the terms of your initial share purchase in the
company, including your vesting schedule and acceleration. Atlas founders pay
for their shares with the intellectual property (IP) they have developed on
behalf of the company. Shares are priced at $0.00001 at incorporation. If you
have significant IP or assets to contribute to the company, Atlas might not be
right for you.Common Stock CertificateOfficial record of your ownership in the
company. Shows the number of common stock shares issued to you, and outlines the
rules for selling or transferring those shares.Section 83(b)Tax filing that
allows founders to pay taxes on equity when it’s granted, rather than when it
vests. It can help save you money on US personal taxes. Notifies the IRS of the
date you purchased your equity in your company, and the amount you purchased it
for. Atlas files 83(b) elections automatically for all founders.Stock Assignment
Separate from CertificateAllows the company to repurchase your shares based on
terms in your Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement.Joint Escrow InstructionsPuts
founders’ shares in escrow with the company Secretary.Form of Employee
Confidential Information and Invention Assignment AgreementCommonly used by
companies to ensure that relevant IP created both before and after incorporation
belongs to the company. If you have any prior inventions you’d like to exclude
from being assigned to the company, Atlas might not be right for you. Atlas
omits non-compete and non-solicit clauses because they’re state specific, and
can be hard to enforce. You can work with a lawyer to include them after
incorporation.

## Links

- [Documents](https://dashboard.stripe.com/atlas/documents)