# Choose settlement preference

## Learn about settlement modes for PayPal payments.

Settlement choice determines how you access and manage funds, use the Dashboard,
perform reconciliation, and so on.

## Getting started

If you’re a Connect user, your funds always settle on Stripe, similar to other
payment methods. If you operate as a direct business, when you [connect your
PayPal and Stripe accounts](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/paypal/activate)
you can set the funds settlement preference for your PayPal payments. Read this
guide to learn more about differences between PayPal and Stripe settlement
options.

If you already use PayPal through Stripe, you can check your current settlement
preference on the [Payment Methods
Settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/payment_methods) page in the
Stripe Dashboard.

## Money flow and payouts

If you settle funds from the PayPal payments on Stripe, you can access the money
from your Stripe balance according to your
[payouts](https://docs.stripe.com/payouts) schedule, similar to other payment
methods at Stripe. The funds from the payments you receive are immediately
transferred from PayPal to your Stripe balance, without the need for you to take
any action.

If you settle PayPal payments to PayPal, you’ll need to manage payouts on
PayPal.

## Refunds and disputes

Settlement on Stripe uses the funds available in your Stripe account if you want
to refund a payment or need to cover the funds from a dispute, similarly to
other payment methods on Stripe. If PayPal charges a fee when a dispute closes,
it’s withdrawn from your Stripe balance through a [Balance
Transaction](https://docs.stripe.com/reports/balance-transaction-types) of type
`adjustment`.

For settlement on PayPal, you can still manage refunds and disputes from your
Stripe Dashboard, but the relevant funds are the funds on your PayPal account.
If you settle on PayPal, Stripe doesn’t transfer any funds from your PayPal
account to your Stripe account or vice-versa. Make sure there is always a
positive balance in both accounts to cover expected refund amounts or disputes,
and fees that PayPal might charge when the dispute closes.

## Dashboard

If you settle your funds from PayPal payments on Stripe, the Stripe Dashboard
functionality is the same as with other payment methods on Stripe.

If you settle your PayPal funds on a PayPal account, the [balance
transaction](https://docs.stripe.com/api#balance_transaction_object) linked to
the corresponding payment has a zero amount regardless of the payment, because
funds settle in your PayPal balance, and no money goes to your Stripe balance.

Additionally, the Gross and Net volume charts won’t reflect your sales volume
from PayPal if you settle your funds on a PayPal account. In this case, we
recommend using the Payment methods report to track the volume from PayPal
sales.

The payment details view is also different if you settle your PayPal funds to
your PayPal account. The **Net** value reflects the change on the net volume of
your Stripe balance. This is a negative value of the fee amount that Stripe
takes for the payment.

## Reconciliation impact

Reconciliation is the process of matching and verifying payments that have been
received and processed with the corresponding PayPal orders.

When settling your funds on Stripe, you get automatic transactions
reconciliation.

If you settle on PayPal, you need to manually reconcile the transactions. Learn
about how Stripe provides support for PayPal [transaction
reconciliation](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/paypal/payout-reconciliation).

## Changing your settlement preference

If for any reason you need to change your current settlement mode, you can
initiate the process from the Stripe Dashboard.

- Go to the [Payment Methods Settings
page](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/payment_methods).
- Find PayPal settings.
- Click **Contact Support to change**. You’ll be redirected to the FAQ page
where you can file a support ticket.
- File a support ticket to request a change.

The change shows up in the PayPal settings accordingly.

## Currency conversions

A currency conversion occurs when the [presentment
currency](https://docs.stripe.com/currencies#presentment-currencies) differs
from the settlement currency. See [currency
conversions](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/currencies#currency-conversions)
for additional detail. Prevent currency conversions by adding a [settlement
currency](https://docs.stripe.com/payouts/multicurrency-settlement#enable-multi-currency-settlement)
for every currency you present to your customers.

## Links

- [connect your PayPal and Stripe
accounts](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/paypal/activate)
- [Payment Methods
Settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/payment_methods)
- [payouts](https://docs.stripe.com/payouts)
- [Balance
Transaction](https://docs.stripe.com/reports/balance-transaction-types)
- [balance transaction](https://docs.stripe.com/api#balance_transaction_object)
- [transaction
reconciliation](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/paypal/payout-reconciliation)
- [presentment
currency](https://docs.stripe.com/currencies#presentment-currencies)
- [currency
conversions](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/currencies#currency-conversions)
- [settlement
currency](https://docs.stripe.com/payouts/multicurrency-settlement#enable-multi-currency-settlement)