# Set up CapitalPrivate preview

## Determine which integration option to use when you set up Stripe Capital.

Stripe Capital is an all-in-one lending solution that allows you to offer access
to financing directly to your customers. You have a few different integration
options for Stripe Capital:

- **No-code integration**: Start providing access to financing to your customers
in just a few days, with no engineering overhead required, and light marketing
support.
- **Low-code integration**: Supplement your no-code integration with a series of
embedded components which work natively with your existing UX.
- **API integration**: Leverage our API for conversion and UX customization
options.

For most platforms, the no-code integration provides what your customers need
with the least overhead. If youâ€™re interested in using the API, contact our team
at [capital-review@stripe.com](mailto:capital-review@stripe.com) to request
access.

The following table describes the differences between these three integration
options.

ProgramNo-code integration RecommendedLow-code integrationAPI
integrationEstimated integration timeNo engineering time; send the first offer
as early as tomorrowHours to daysWeeksCapital offer emailsStripe sends
co-branded offer emailsStripe sends co-branded offer emails or the platform can
send offer emailsPlatform can send offer emailsIn-product notificationsN/AUse
the Capital [financing
promotion](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/supported-embedded-components/capital-financing-promotion)
component to promote new financing offers.Platform can build custom
notificationsCapital applicationStripe-hosted co-branded application flowUse the
Capital [financing
promotion](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/supported-embedded-components/capital-financing-promotion)
or [financing
application](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/supported-embedded-components/capital-financing-application)
component to embed the application flow into your website.Stripe-hosted
co-branded application flow or embedded componentsUnderwriting and pricingStripe
manages the entire underwriting process and sets pricingStripe manages the
entire underwriting process and sets pricingStripe manages the entire
underwriting process and sets pricingServicingStripe manages servicing of
customer loansStripe manages servicing of customer loansStripe manages servicing
of customer loansComplianceStripe conducts compliance review of custom marketing
assets and periodic program auditsStripe conducts compliance review of custom
marketing assets and periodic program auditsStripe conducts compliance review of
custom marketing assets and periodic program audits[No-code integrationSet up
your Capital program in the
Dashboard](https://docs.stripe.com/capital/no-code-integration)[Low-code
integrationIntegrate Capital embedded components directly into your
website](https://docs.stripe.com/capital/embedded-component-integration)[API
integrationIntegrate with our API to build a custom Capital
program](https://docs.stripe.com/capital/api-integration)
## See also

- [How to market Capital](https://docs.stripe.com/capital/marketing)
- [Regulatory compliance](https://docs.stripe.com/capital/regulatory-compliance)

## Links

- [financing
promotion](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/supported-embedded-components/capital-financing-promotion)
- [financing
application](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/supported-embedded-components/capital-financing-application)
- [No-code integrationSet up your Capital program in the
Dashboard](https://docs.stripe.com/capital/no-code-integration)
- [Low-code integrationIntegrate Capital embedded components directly into your
website](https://docs.stripe.com/capital/embedded-component-integration)
- [API integrationIntegrate with our API to build a custom Capital
program](https://docs.stripe.com/capital/api-integration)
- [How to market Capital](https://docs.stripe.com/capital/marketing)
- [Regulatory compliance](https://docs.stripe.com/capital/regulatory-compliance)