# Stripe Crypto

## Integrate one of Stripe's crypto products.

[CRYPTO](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto)Build crypto into your Stripe
integration
Let your users pay in crypto, pay out in crypto, or embed a fiat-to-crypto
onramp.

[Get started with Pay with
Crypto](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/pay-with-crypto)

!

## Pay with Crypto

[Pay with CryptoLearn the basics before you integrate Pay with Crypto.Public
preview](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/pay-with-crypto)[Integrate Pay with
CryptoAdd Pay with Crypto to your Stripe Checkout, Elements, or Payment Intents
API integration.Public
preview](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/integrate-pay-with-crypto)
## Fiat-to-crypto onramp

[Build an emeddable onramp integrationBuild a basic embeddable onramp
integration using our interactive, code-based quickstart that includes
downloadable
files.Quickstart](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/onramp/embeddable-onramp-quickstart)[Use
the standalone, Stripe-hosted onrampCustomize and generate a redirect URL to the
Stripe-hosted, standalone hosted
onramp.Quickstart](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/onramp/standalone-onramp-quickstart)[Integrate
crypto for mobileConfigure the onramp for mobile
use.](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/onramp/mobile-integration)[Install the
Stripe Crypto SDK ES ModuleSet up the Stripe crypto client-side SDK in your web
application.](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/onramp/esmodule)[Backend
integration best practicesLearn the best practices for integrating the onramp
for different web3 use
cases.](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/onramp/backend-best-practices)[Onramp API
referenceUse the onramp API reference as you build the embeddable
onramp.](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/onramp/api-reference)[Fiat-to-crypto
onramp
application](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register?redirect=%2Fcrypto-onramp%2Fapplication)
## Stablecoin payouts

[Stablecoin payoutsPay out in stablecoins using your existing Connect
integration.](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/stablecoin-payouts)

## Links

- [CRYPTO](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto)
- [Get started with Pay with
Crypto](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/pay-with-crypto)
- [Integrate Pay with CryptoAdd Pay with Crypto to your Stripe Checkout,
Elements, or Payment Intents API integration.Public
preview](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/integrate-pay-with-crypto)
- [Build an emeddable onramp integrationBuild a basic embeddable onramp
integration using our interactive, code-based quickstart that includes
downloadable
files.Quickstart](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/onramp/embeddable-onramp-quickstart)
- [Use the standalone, Stripe-hosted onrampCustomize and generate a redirect URL
to the Stripe-hosted, standalone hosted
onramp.Quickstart](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/onramp/standalone-onramp-quickstart)
- [Integrate crypto for mobileConfigure the onramp for mobile
use.](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/onramp/mobile-integration)
- [Install the Stripe Crypto SDK ES ModuleSet up the Stripe crypto client-side
SDK in your web application.](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/onramp/esmodule)
- [Backend integration best practicesLearn the best practices for integrating
the onramp for different web3 use
cases.](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/onramp/backend-best-practices)
- [Onramp API referenceUse the onramp API reference as you build the embeddable
onramp.](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/onramp/api-reference)
- [Fiat-to-crypto onramp
application](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register?redirect=%2Fcrypto-onramp%2Fapplication)
- [Stablecoin payoutsPay out in stablecoins using your existing Connect
integration.](https://docs.stripe.com/crypto/stablecoin-payouts)