# Request a payment data export

## Securely export sensitive payment data.

We believe our customers own the sensitive data they entrust to Stripe. We make
sure that you have access to this data—even if you’re moving elsewhere. If you
decide to leave Stripe for another payment processor, we’ll work with your new
processor’s team to securely transfer your credit card data.

To meet [PCI
compliance](https://docs.stripe.com/security/guide#validating-pci-compliance)
obligations, we can only transfer your card data to another PCI DSS Level
1-compliant payment processor. Stripe requires the following information about
the processor receiving the data:

- The processor’s current PCI Attestation of Compliance (AOC), or their listing
on [Visa’s Global Registry of Service
Providers](https://usa.visa.com/splisting/splistingindex.html).
- The processor’s PGP public encryption key, which must be 4096 bits or greater
in length. This key must be hosted over HTTPS on one of the processor’s domain
names referenced in their AOC or Visa Registry listing.

After you [let us
know](https://support.stripe.com/contact?email=true&subject=Migration+away+from+Stripe)
who your new payment processor is, we can usually confirm if they meet these
requirements.

## Migratable data

Stripe can help you migrate your customer card information to a new payment
processor. To do this securely, Stripe prepares an encrypted JSON export file
containing your data, including the card details of your customers, email
addresses, and any attached [metadata](https://docs.stripe.com/api#metadata). We
then arrange a secure transfer with your new processor, who uses this file to
import the data into their system. You can start the migration process by
[contacting
us](https://support.stripe.com/contact?email=true&subject=Migration+away+from+Stripe)
with the name of your new payment processor.

```
{
 "customers": [
 {
 "id": "cus_abc123def456",
 "email": "jenny.rosen@example.com",
 "description": "Jenny Rosen",
 "default_source": "card_edf214abc789",
 "metadata": {
 "color_preference": "turquoise",
 ...
 },
 "cards": [
 {
 "id": "card_edf214abc789",
 "number":"4242424242424242",
 "name": "Jenny Rosen",
 "exp_month": 1,
 "exp_year": 2020,
 "address_line1": "123 Main St.",
 "address_line2": null,
 "address_city": "Springfield",
 "address_state": "MA",
 "address_zip": "01101",
 "address_country": "US"
 },
 ...
 ]
 },
 ...
 ]
}
```

Stripe doesn’t export your account’s payment history, subscriptions, or other
objects. Instead, use the API or Dashboard to retrieve this information. You can
continue to access your data through the Dashboard and API after you stop
processing payments with us, as long as you don’t close or delete your account.

#### Link transactions

The consumer payment credentials saved with Link transactions can’t be
transferred between payment processors. Any credentials saved through Link are
excluded from our exports.

## Links

- [Contact
us](https://support.stripe.com/contact?email=true&subject=Migration+away+from+Stripe)
- [PCI
compliance](https://docs.stripe.com/security/guide#validating-pci-compliance)
- [Visa’s Global Registry of Service
Providers](https://usa.visa.com/splisting/splistingindex.html)
- [metadata](https://docs.stripe.com/api#metadata)