# 1099 Tax Support implementation and timeline

## Learn about implementation steps and timelines for doing e-delivery of your 1099 tax forms through an interface built by Stripe.

Starting the week of November 4, Stripe will begin outreach to your connected
accounts. You can use the implementation checklist on this page to make sure
that you’re ready to use e-delivery for the tax season.

ActionComments[Configure your platform tax
settings](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/get-started-tax-reporting) for the tax
year, including delivery settings to enable e-delivery and early collection of
identity information for connected accounts. Learn more about [e-delivery on
Stripe
Express](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-walkthrough)
and [e-delivery with Connect embedded
components](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-embedded-taxes-walkthrough).Enabling
e-delivery and collection of tax information triggers emails from Stripe to
connected accounts starting in November.Identify connected accounts that are
missing email addresses and add them.Stripe requires [an email
address](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/express-dashboard-taxes#which-email-address-does-stripe-use-for-e-delivery)
for each of your connected accounts to confirm tax information and e-deliver tax
forms. Use the `Missing email address` filter in the 1099 dashboard to see which
accounts require you to [add an email
address](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/express-dashboard-taxes#how-do-i-update-the-email-address).Identify
connected accounts that need updated tax information, and reach out to those
accounts.This is important to make sure you have good tax data at filing time.
For more information, see [Identifying 1099 forms that need
attention](https://support.stripe.com/questions/7bd66c04-b645-4749-83f2-7d2fb36bf1d1).Prep
your support teams for tax season.Grant the Tax Analyst role for anyone on your
team that needs permissions to work with tax forms. For more information, see
[Teams and user roles](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/account/teams). Also,
create or update
[FAQs](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-faqs)
for internal support teams.Review edge cases that aren’t eligible for e-delivery
(Stripe can only paper deliver to these accounts).Work with your team to review
these [edge
cases](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-faqs#edge-cases-for-pre-filing-confirmation-and-e-delivery-via-stripe-express).Make
sure your Connect branding settings are up to date. We use those icons, colors,
and the business name for Stripe emails to connected accounts.Go to the [Connect
settings page](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/applications/settings). In
the Branding section, customize the name, color, and icon of your brand. Please
use a 128x128 pixel icon.Preview and test the outreach email from Stripe.Go to
the [Emails page](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/connect/emails) and
preview the outreach email. You can send a test email.Make sure that your
support email address is up to date. We use it in the e-delivery consent
dialog.Go to your [Account
details](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/account?support_details=true)
page in the Dashboard and confirm the Support email for your platform in the
Public business information section.Prepare to notify your connected accounts to
expect an email from Stripe before e-delivery begin.In the [1099 Dashboard
page](https://dashboard.stripe.com/connect/taxes/forms), filter for accounts
with a Pre-filing confirmation status of Sent to check who’s already been
emailed. Send reminder emails to accounts who’ve already been sent pre-filing
confirmation emails. Suggested timing: Once outreach to your connected accounts
begins, we recommend a weekly cadence for sending reminder emails. You may
choose to send another reminder email prior to filing and e-delivering of 1099
tax forms in late January. For more information, see [Stripe communication
timeline
proposal](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-communication).Create
a support article for your connected accounts to explain the tax timeline and
your partnership with Stripe for taxes.Example of a [support article by
DoorDash](https://help.doordash.com/dashers/s/article/Common-Dasher-Tax-Questions?language=en_US).
To view some example FAQs, see [Connected account FAQ
template](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-faqs).

## Links

- [Configure your platform tax
settings](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/get-started-tax-reporting)
- [e-delivery on Stripe
Express](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-walkthrough)
- [e-delivery with Connect embedded
components](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-embedded-taxes-walkthrough)
- [an email
address](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/express-dashboard-taxes#which-email-address-does-stripe-use-for-e-delivery)
- [add an email
address](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/express-dashboard-taxes#how-do-i-update-the-email-address)
- [Identifying 1099 forms that need
attention](https://support.stripe.com/questions/7bd66c04-b645-4749-83f2-7d2fb36bf1d1)
- [Teams and user roles](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/account/teams)
- [FAQs](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-faqs)
- [edge
cases](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-faqs#edge-cases-for-pre-filing-confirmation-and-e-delivery-via-stripe-express)
- [Connect settings
page](https://dashboard.stripe.com/account/applications/settings)
- [Emails page](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/connect/emails)
- [Account
details](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/account?support_details=true)
- [1099 Dashboard page](https://dashboard.stripe.com/connect/taxes/forms)
- [Stripe communication timeline
proposal](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-communication)
- [support article by
DoorDash](https://help.doordash.com/dashers/s/article/Common-Dasher-Tax-Questions?language=en_US)