# About Stripe payments

## Learn more about all aspects of Stripe payments.

[CurrenciesSee what currencies Stripe
supports.](https://docs.stripe.com/currencies)[DeclinesResolve declines and
failed payments.](https://docs.stripe.com/declines)[PayoutsSet up your bank
account to receive payouts.](https://docs.stripe.com/payouts)[Recurring
paymentsUnderstand Stripe’s recurring payments
options.](https://docs.stripe.com/recurring-payments)[Settlement feesLearn how
paying out funds in currencies other than your primary currency affects your
processing fees.](https://docs.stripe.com/currencies/settlement-fees)[3D Secure
authenticationReduce fraud and meet regulatory requirements through 3D Secure
authentication](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/3d-secure)[RefundsLearn how to
cancel or refund a payment.](https://docs.stripe.com/refunds)[Handle webhook
eventsUse webhooks to respond to offline payment
events.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/handling-payment-events)[ReceiptsSend
payment or refund receipts automatically.](https://docs.stripe.com/receipts)

## Links

- [CurrenciesSee what currencies Stripe
supports.](https://docs.stripe.com/currencies)
- [DeclinesResolve declines and failed
payments.](https://docs.stripe.com/declines)
- [PayoutsSet up your bank account to receive
payouts.](https://docs.stripe.com/payouts)
- [Recurring paymentsUnderstand Stripe’s recurring payments
options.](https://docs.stripe.com/recurring-payments)
- [Settlement feesLearn how paying out funds in currencies other than your
primary currency affects your processing
fees.](https://docs.stripe.com/currencies/settlement-fees)
- [3D Secure authenticationReduce fraud and meet regulatory requirements through
3D Secure authentication](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/3d-secure)
- [RefundsLearn how to cancel or refund a
payment.](https://docs.stripe.com/refunds)
- [Handle webhook eventsUse webhooks to respond to offline payment
events.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/handling-payment-events)
- [ReceiptsSend payment or refund receipts
automatically.](https://docs.stripe.com/receipts)