# Webhooks for Stripe Issuing and Stripe Treasury

## Learn about webhook events for Stripe Issuing and Stripe Treasury and why they occur.

Stripe uses webhooks to notify your application when an
[event](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types) happens in your account. Use
webhooks to handle asynchronous
[events](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types) such as the [creation of an
Issuing
authorization](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-issuing_authorization.created)
or an ACH transfer.

#### Note

To view the Treasury related webhook events, log in to your Stripe account with
Stripe Treasury enabled.

## Issuing webhook events

The following table lists the webhook events for Issuing and Treasury.

#### Note

Connect webhooks are for activity on any connected account. All events on the
connected account are sent to the Connect webhooks. This includes the events
generated by Treasury and Issuing integrations. For more information see
[Connect Webhooks](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/webhooks).

Event
typeExplanationNote[issuing_authorization.created](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-issuing_authorization.created)Occurs
whenever an authorization is
created.[issuing_authorization.request](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-issuing_authorization.request)Represents
a synchronous request for authorization, see [Using your integration to handle
authorization
requests](https://docs.stripe.com/issuing/purchases/authorizations). You must
create a webhook endpoint that explicitly subscribes to this event type to
access it. Webhook endpoints that subscribe to all events won’t include this
event type.issuing_authorization.updatedOccurs whenever an authorization is
updated.issuing_card.createdOccurs whenever a card is
created.issuing_card.updatedOccurs whenever a card is
updated.issuing_cardholder.createdOccurs whenever a cardholder is
created.issuing_cardholder.updatedOccurs whenever a cardholder is
updated.issuing_dispute.closedOccurs whenever a dispute is won, lost or
expired.issuing_dispute.createdOccurs whenever a dispute is
created.issuing_dispute.funds_reinstatedOccurs whenever funds are transferred to
your Issuing balance (usually associated with won dispute
status).issuing_dispute.submittedOccurs whenever a dispute is
submitted.issuing_dispute.updatedOccurs whenever a dispute is
updated.issuing_transaction.createdOccurs whenever an issuing transaction is
created.issuing_transaction.updatedOccurs whenever an issuing transaction is
updated.topup.createdOccurs whenever a top-up is created.Only relevant for
Issuing-only integrations.topup.canceledOccurs whenever a top-up is
canceled.topup.failedOccurs whenever a top-up fails.topup.reversedOccurs
whenever a top-up is reversed.topup.succeededOccurs whenever a top-up
succeeds.balance_transfer.createdNew balance transfer API—transfer funds from
acquiring to issuingbalance.availableReflects the new updated Stripe balance and
Issuing balance after the balance transfer
## Treasury webhook events

The following table lists the webhook events for Treasury and when they occur.

EVENTDESCRIPTIONtreasury.credit_reversal.createdOccurs whenever a CreditReversal
is created.treasury.credit_reversal.postedOccurs whenever a CreditReversal post
is posted.treasury.debit_reversal.completedOccurs whenever a DebitReversal is
completed.treasury.debit_reversal.createdOccurs whenever a DebitReversal is
created.treasury.debit_reversal.initial_credit_grantedOccurs whenever an initial
credit is granted on a DebitReversal.treasury.financial_account.closedOccurs
whenever the status of the FinancialAccount becomes
closed.treasury.financial_account.createdOccurs whenever a new FinancialAccount
is created.treasury.financial_account.features_status_updatedOccurs whenever the
statuses of any features within an existing FinancialAccount are
updated.treasury.inbound_transfer.canceledOccurs whenever an InboundTransfer is
canceled.treasury.inbound_transfer.createdOccurs whenever an InboundTransfer is
created.treasury.inbound_transfer.failedOccurs whenever an InboundTransfer has
failed.treasury.inbound_transfer.succeededOccurs whenever an InboundTransfer has
succeeded.treasury.outbound_payment.canceledOccurs whenever an OutboundPayment
is canceled.treasury.outbound_payment.createdOccurs whenever a new
OutboundPayment is successfully
created.treasury.outbound_payment.expected_arrival_date_updatedOccurs whenever
the arrival date on an OutboundPayment
updates.treasury.outbound_payment.failedOccurs whenever an OutboundPayment
fails.treasury.outbound_payment.postedOccurs whenever an OutboundPayment
posts.treasury.outbound_payment.returnedOccurs whenever an OutboundPayment is
returned.treasury.outbound_payment.tracking_details_updatedOccurs whenever
tracking_details on an OutboundPayment is
updated.treasury.outbound_transfer.canceledOccurs whenever an OutboundTransfer
is canceled.treasury.outbound_transfer.createdOccurs whenever an
OutboundTransfer is
created.treasury.outbound_transfer.expected_arrival_date_updatedOccurs whenever
the arrival date on an OutboundTransfer
updates.treasury.outbound_transfer.failedOccurs whenever an OutboundTransfer has
failed.treasury.outbound_transfer.postedOccurs whenever an OutboundTransfer is
posted.treasury.outbound_transfer.returnedOccurs whenever an OutboundTransfer is
returned.treasury.outbound_transfer.tracking_details_updatedOccurs whenever
tracking_details on an OutboundTransfer is
updated.treasury.received_credit.createdOccurs whenever a received_credit is
created as a result of funds being pushed by another
account.treasury.received_credit.failedOccurs whenever a received_credit
transitions to a failed state. Only applicable for check
deposits.treasury.received_credit.succeededOccurs whenever a received_credit
transitions to a succeeded state. Only applicable for check
deposits.treasury.received_debit.createdOccurs whenever a received_debit is
created as a result of funds being pulled by another account.
## Connect onboarding webhook events

The following webhook events can occur during Connect onboarding:

- Account.updated
- Persons.updated
- Capability.updated

For more information, see [Making API calls for connected accounts | Stripe
Documentation](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/authentication)

## Financial Connections webhook events (for funding with inboundTransfer)

See [Financial Connections
webhooks](https://docs.stripe.com/financial-connections/webhooks)—these webhooks
are relevant when a Connected Account uses Financial Connections to instantly
verify an external bank account to enable InboundTransfers.

## Webhook event best practices

To learn more about webhook best practices, see the [webhooks best
practices](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/authentication).

## Links

- [event](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types)
- [creation of an Issuing
authorization](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-issuing_authorization.created)
- [Connect Webhooks](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/webhooks)
-
[issuing_authorization.request](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-issuing_authorization.request)
- [Using your integration to handle authorization
requests](https://docs.stripe.com/issuing/purchases/authorizations)
- [Making API calls for connected accounts | Stripe
Documentation](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/authentication)
- [Financial Connections
webhooks](https://docs.stripe.com/financial-connections/webhooks)