# Subscription features

## Explore subscription features in depth.

## Core concepts

[Subscription invoicesLearn how to manage subscription
invoices.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/invoices/subscription)[Subscription
schedulesLearn about subscription schedules and how to use
them.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/subscription-schedules)[Subscription
metricsUse the Dashboard to view metrics about your
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/analytics)
## Subscription pricing

[Recurring pricing modelsUnderstand and build models for recurring
prices.](https://docs.stripe.com/products-prices/pricing-models)[Embed a pricing
tableDisplay a pricing table on your website and take customers directly to
Stripe Checkout.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/checkout/pricing-table)
## Start subscriptions

[Set quantitiesVary the cost of a subscription by subscribing a customer to
multiple quantities of a
product.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/quantities)[Set billing
cyclesLearn how to set the billing date for
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/billing-cycle)[Backdate
subscriptionsBill customers for time that has already
elapsed.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/backdating)[Subscribe to
multiple itemsCreate subscriptions with multiple products, all billed in a
single
invoice.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/multiple-products)[Set
trial periodsDelay payments on active subscriptions using trial
periods.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/trials)[Apply couponsAdd
discounts to a subscription using coupons and promotion
codes.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/coupons)[Migrate
subscriptions to StripeImport subscriptions from other sources into
Stripe.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/migrate-subscriptions)
## Subscription payments

[Subscription payment methodsLearn how to specify which payment methods are
allowed for a
subscription.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/payment-methods-setting)[Integrate
with third-party payment processorsLearn how to use Stripe subscriptions and
invoices with third party payment
processors.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/third-party-payment-processing)[Collection
methodsConfigure your preferred method to collect on invoices and
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/collection-method)[Share a link
to update payment detailsGive your customers links they can use to update
subscription payment
details.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/update-payment-method)[Strong
Customer Authentication (SCA)Update your integration to support Strong Customer
Authentication (SCA)
requirements.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/migration/strong-customer-authentication)
## Manage subscriptions

[Pause payment collectionLearn how to pause payment collection on
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/pause-payment)[Upgrade
and downgrade subscriptionsLearn how to change existing
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/change)[Prorate
subscription changesHandle prorated charges after changes to a
subscription](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/prorations)[Manage
pending updatesLearn how to handle payment failures when updating a
subscription](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/pending-updates)[Cancel
subscriptionsLearn how to cancel existing
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/cancel)

## Links

- [Subscription invoicesLearn how to manage subscription
invoices.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/invoices/subscription)
- [Subscription schedulesLearn about subscription schedules and how to use
them.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/subscription-schedules)
- [Subscription metricsUse the Dashboard to view metrics about your
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/analytics)
- [Recurring pricing modelsUnderstand and build models for recurring
prices.](https://docs.stripe.com/products-prices/pricing-models)
- [Embed a pricing tableDisplay a pricing table on your website and take
customers directly to Stripe
Checkout.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/checkout/pricing-table)
- [Set quantitiesVary the cost of a subscription by subscribing a customer to
multiple quantities of a
product.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/quantities)
- [Set billing cyclesLearn how to set the billing date for
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/billing-cycle)
- [Backdate subscriptionsBill customers for time that has already
elapsed.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/backdating)
- [Subscribe to multiple itemsCreate subscriptions with multiple products, all
billed in a single
invoice.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/multiple-products)
- [Set trial periodsDelay payments on active subscriptions using trial
periods.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/trials)
- [Apply couponsAdd discounts to a subscription using coupons and promotion
codes.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/coupons)
- [Migrate subscriptions to StripeImport subscriptions from other sources into
Stripe.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/migrate-subscriptions)
- [Subscription payment methodsLearn how to specify which payment methods are
allowed for a
subscription.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/payment-methods-setting)
- [Integrate with third-party payment processorsLearn how to use Stripe
subscriptions and invoices with third party payment
processors.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/third-party-payment-processing)
- [Collection methodsConfigure your preferred method to collect on invoices and
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/collection-method)
- [Share a link to update payment detailsGive your customers links they can use
to update subscription payment
details.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/update-payment-method)
- [Strong Customer Authentication (SCA)Update your integration to support Strong
Customer Authentication (SCA)
requirements.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/migration/strong-customer-authentication)
- [Pause payment collectionLearn how to pause payment collection on
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/pause-payment)
- [Upgrade and downgrade subscriptionsLearn how to change existing
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/change)
- [Prorate subscription changesHandle prorated charges after changes to a
subscription](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/prorations)
- [Manage pending updatesLearn how to handle payment failures when updating a
subscription](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/pending-updates)
- [Cancel subscriptionsLearn how to cancel existing
subscriptions.](https://docs.stripe.com/billing/subscriptions/cancel)