# Stripe Connectors

## Use connectors to integrate with Stripe and leverage its products with leading software providers.

Use Stripe-owned or partner connectors to globally grow your business and
automate critical company processes like quote to cash (QTC), order to cash
(OTC), and revenue reporting.

## E-commerce

[Stripe Connector for Adobe CommerceEnable Stripe payments for storefronts built
on Adobe Commerce.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/adobe-commerce)[Stripe
Connector for Commercetools ConnectEnable Stripe payments for storefronts built
on Commercetools through Commercetools
Connect.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/commercetools-connect)[Stripe
Connector for Salesforce B2C CommerceEnable Stripe payments for storefronts
built on Salesforce B2C
Commerce.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/salesforce-commerce-cloud)[Stripe
Connector for MiraklManage business payouts and calculate tax using Stripe for
marketplaces built on Mirakl.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/mirakl)[Stripe
Connector for Shopware 6Optimize how your customers check out and accept
payments using our Shopware 6
Connector.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/shopware6)[Stripe Connector for
PrestaShopUse our PrestaShop Connector to integrate Stripe Elements enabling
faster customer checkout and payment
acceptance.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/prestashop)[SprykerEnable Stripe
payments for Spryker’s App Composition Platform.Stripe
Partner](https://product.spryker.com/features/acp/acp-catalog/#/catalog/Stripe)
## In-person

[Stripe Connector for Oracle OperaUse the Stripe Connector for Oracle Opera to
collect in-person payments with Stripe
Terminal.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/oracle/opera/overview)[Stripe
Connector for CegidUse the Stripe Connector for Cegid to collect in-person
payments with Stripe
Terminal.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/cegid/overview)[FreedomPay
gatewayCombine Stripe’s payments suite with over 1,000 FreedomPay-supported POS
systems, third-party hardware options, gift cards, and other commerce
integrations.Preview](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal#use-a-partner-gateway)[More
connectorsExplore Stripe partner integrations for POS and in-person
payments.](https://stripe.partners/?f_category=point-of-sale&f_stripe-solution=in-person-payments)
## Customer Relationship Management (CRM)

[Stripe Connector for SalesforceBuild integrations between Salesforce and Stripe
by connecting a Stripe account to a Salesforce organization and mapping Stripe
events to Salesforce
events.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/stripe-connector-for-salesforce/overview)[Zaybra
by HapilyEnable sales and service teams to leverage Stripe subscription data for
reporting and automation within Hubspot.Stripe Partner](https://www.zaybra.com/)
## Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)

[Stripe Connector for NetSuiteConnect Stripe with NetSuite to automate cash
reconciliation and accept payments on
invoices.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/overview)[NetSuite by
Nova ModuleEnable Stripe payments on NetSuite’s customer, sales order and
invoice records as well as Stripe refunds on NetSuite’s credit memo
records.Stripe
Partner](https://www.novamodule.com/netsuite-integrations/stripe-netsuite-integration-connector)[Stripe
Connector for SAP Digital PaymentsEnable Stripe payments for SAP Digital
Payments Add-on
(DPA).](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/sap-digital-payments)[Data
WarehousesSync your Stripe account with your Snowflake or Amazon Redshift data
warehouse.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-data)
## Tax

[Stripe Tax Connector for WooCommerceAutomatically calculate sales tax, VAT, and
GST for all of your WooCommerce
transactions.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/woocommerce)[Stripe Tax
Connector for BigCommerceAutomatically calculate sales tax, VAT, and GST for all
of your BigCommerce
transactions.Preview](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/bigcommerce)

## Links

- [Stripe Connector for Adobe CommerceEnable Stripe payments for storefronts
built on Adobe Commerce.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/adobe-commerce)
- [Stripe Connector for Commercetools ConnectEnable Stripe payments for
storefronts built on Commercetools through Commercetools
Connect.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/commercetools-connect)
- [Stripe Connector for Salesforce B2C CommerceEnable Stripe payments for
storefronts built on Salesforce B2C
Commerce.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/salesforce-commerce-cloud)
- [Stripe Connector for MiraklManage business payouts and calculate tax using
Stripe for marketplaces built on
Mirakl.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/mirakl)
- [Stripe Connector for Shopware 6Optimize how your customers check out and
accept payments using our Shopware 6
Connector.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/shopware6)
- [Stripe Connector for PrestaShopUse our PrestaShop Connector to integrate
Stripe Elements enabling faster customer checkout and payment
acceptance.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/prestashop)
- [SprykerEnable Stripe payments for Spryker’s App Composition Platform.Stripe
Partner](https://product.spryker.com/features/acp/acp-catalog/#/catalog/Stripe)
- [Stripe Connector for Oracle OperaUse the Stripe Connector for Oracle Opera to
collect in-person payments with Stripe
Terminal.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/oracle/opera/overview)
- [Stripe Connector for CegidUse the Stripe Connector for Cegid to collect
in-person payments with Stripe
Terminal.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/cegid/overview)
- [FreedomPay gatewayCombine Stripe’s payments suite with over 1,000
FreedomPay-supported POS systems, third-party hardware options, gift cards, and
other commerce
integrations.Preview](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal#use-a-partner-gateway)
- [More connectorsExplore Stripe partner integrations for POS and in-person
payments.](https://stripe.partners/?f_category=point-of-sale&f_stripe-solution=in-person-payments)
- [Stripe Connector for SalesforceBuild integrations between Salesforce and
Stripe by connecting a Stripe account to a Salesforce organization and mapping
Stripe events to Salesforce
events.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/stripe-connector-for-salesforce/overview)
- [Zaybra by HapilyEnable sales and service teams to leverage Stripe
subscription data for reporting and automation within Hubspot.Stripe
Partner](https://www.zaybra.com/)
- [Stripe Connector for NetSuiteConnect Stripe with NetSuite to automate cash
reconciliation and accept payments on
invoices.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/overview)
- [NetSuite by Nova ModuleEnable Stripe payments on NetSuite’s customer, sales
order and invoice records as well as Stripe refunds on NetSuite’s credit memo
records.Stripe
Partner](https://www.novamodule.com/netsuite-integrations/stripe-netsuite-integration-connector)
- [Stripe Connector for SAP Digital PaymentsEnable Stripe payments for SAP
Digital Payments Add-on
(DPA).](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/sap-digital-payments)
- [Data WarehousesSync your Stripe account with your Snowflake or Amazon
Redshift data warehouse.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-data)
- [Stripe Tax Connector for WooCommerceAutomatically calculate sales tax, VAT,
and GST for all of your WooCommerce
transactions.](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/woocommerce)
- [Stripe Tax Connector for BigCommerceAutomatically calculate sales tax, VAT,
and GST for all of your BigCommerce
transactions.Preview](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/bigcommerce)