# Troubleshoot the connector

## Learn how to troubleshoot errors with the Stripe Connector for NetSuite.

Use this guide to troubleshoot issues with the Stripe Connector for NetSuite,
including identifying and resolving errors when syncing records or loading
payment pages.

For further assistance, contact your implementation partner or [Stripe
support](https://support.stripe.com/contact/email?topic=third_party_integrations&subject=%5BStripe%20Connector%20for%20NetSuite%20(SCN)%5D).

## Sync records from Stripe to NetSuite

The following table describes data errors you might encounter when syncing
records from Stripe to NetSuite. You can view all errors in the connector app’s
sync records window.

ErrorSourceDescriptionResolutionNetSuite System Error: Unable to find a matching
line for sub-list apply with key: [doc,line] and value: [12345,null].NetSuiteThe
connector can’t create a record as a payment (sub-list) entry on an existing
NetSuite record. For example, the connector can’t create and apply a payment to
an existing invoice that’s already paid in full. This error can also occur if
the credit memo amount is less than the refund amount, which might happen if tax
or another amount modifies the automation setup in NetSuite.Inspect the NetSuite
record in the error to see why the payment entry wasn’t successful. If the
reason is still unclear, you can manually create the payment entry to help
identify the root cause.
*Please enter values for: [Field Name].*

NetSuite

The connector can’t create or update a NetSuite record because of a missing
required field on that record. For example, if the connector tries to create an
invoice that requires the `Department` field, NetSuite won’t allow the connector
to complete the action until there’s a value for `Department` in the create
invoice request.

Add a default value for the field. To do so, navigate to the **App settings** >
**Field mapping** > **Field defaults** page in the connector. The connector uses
the default value when creating records of that type. Field defaults use the
JSON format.

For example, to add a default value of 2 for `Department` on your invoices, you
add the following:

```
invoice: {
 "department_id": 2
}

```

*You have entered an Invalid Field Value [value] for the following field:
[field].*

NetSuite

The connector can’t create or update a NetSuite record because of one or more
invalid field values. This might happen if a field default uses a deleted or
unavailable value.

For example, you might have `Class` as a required field for deposits. During
onboarding, you add a field default of Corporate with an internal ID of 5 to
satisfy the requirement. After some time, the value for Corporate (ID: 5) is
deleted. When the connector attempts to create another bank deposit, it fails
with the following error message: `You have entered an Invalid Field Value
'Corporate' for the following field: Class`

Modify the default value to use a valid field ID. To do so, navigate to the
**App settings** > **Field mappings** > **Field defaults** page in the
connector.

Invalid record referenced in metadata key `netsuite_metadata_id`
(012345).ConnectorThe connector can’t sync the record because of a deleted
NetSuite record that you previously synced or linked. For example, if you link a
Stripe refund to a credit memo and then delete the credit memo, you must update
the Stripe refund’s metadata key (`netsuite_credit_memo_id`) to point to the
correct NetSuite credit memo internal ID.Update the refund metadata key
`netsuite_credit_memo_id` to point to the new credit memo internal ID.Charge
amount 100.0 is different than the amount due on the corresponding invoice.
Transaction ID:INV12345 (ID 1234567) amount due: 99.0.ConnectorThe invoice
payment exceeds the amount due on the NetSuite invoice. This might happen if the
connector incorrectly syncs the Stripe invoice to NetSuite and you haven’t yet
set up tax handling. This can also occur if you modify the total on the NetSuite
invoice during the period of time between when you sent the invoice and when the
customer submitted payment.If your connector account isn’t set up to handle
taxes, contact your implementation partner for setup. If you manually modified a
NetSuite invoice created by the connector, you must update the invoice to use
the original amount.
## Load invoice or customer payment pages

The following table describes errors you might encounter when attempting to load
an invoice payment page or a customer payment page. You can view all errors in
the connector app’s sync records window.

ErrorDescription`scn_account_disabled`The account is disabled
(`account_config.disabled = true`).`scn_amount_due`The `Amount Due` field is
required on a NetSuite invoice form. You can verify that Show is selected for
the `Amount Due` field by navigating from Customization > Forms > Transaction
Forms to the NetSuite invoice record form. Edit the form under the Screen Fields
sublist.`scn_amount_too_large`The amount due is greater than the maximum amount
allowed. Use a lower amount and try again.`scn_amount_too_small`The amount due
is less than the minimum amount allowed. Use a higher amount and try
again.`scn_currency_not_found`The NetSuite invoice record or customer record
doesn’t have a set currency.`scn_duplicate_key`Two processes attempted to create
a [Checkout Session](https://docs.stripe.com/api/checkkout/sessions) at the same
time. Try again.`scn_invalid_argument`The NetSuite customer wasn’t found. Stripe
blocked creating a [Checkout
Session](https://docs.stripe.com/api/checkkout/sessions).`scn_invalid_customer_record`The
customer record isn’t valid because the customer might be inactive, have an
invalid obfuscation signature, or be missing the customer payment page custom
field.`scn_invalid_internal_id`The internal ID value is incorrect. This error
often means the formula is misconfigured and there’s a trailing character or
symbol at the end of the URL. For example, a `)`. Check the URL for any trailing
characters or symbols, and provide a positive numeric
value.`scn_invalid_livemode_value`The NetSuite bundle live mode value is
incorrect.`scn_invalid_merchant_account`Stripe couldn’t find an account
configuration for the business and live mode combination. This can occur if the
business doesn’t exist or if the business isn’t finished with onboarding to the
connector.`scn_invalid_payment_link_resource`The resource for the payment link
is invalid because the record is either a sales order or an invoice with a zero
balance.`scn_invalid_record_type`You attempted to create a payment link from a
NetSuite record that isn’t an invoice or sales order, which isn’t
supported.`scn_minimum_balance_not_met`You attempted to create a customer
payment page for a customer with a balance that’s less than the minimum payment
amount (50 cents USD).`scn_missing_amount`The invoice is missing a remaining
amount. We recommend showing the amount remaining or amount due field on custom
invoice forms.`scn_no_customer_balance`The NetSuite customer doesn’t have a
balance.`scn_no_guid`The payment link structure is invalid. The payment link
must have a GUID and follow this structure:
`/payment/{{{merchant}}}/live/invoice/{{{guid}}}`.`scn_no_id`The payment link
structure is invalid. The GUID must have exactly two parts separated by an
underscore. For example,
`F1783B96F2111D47E053972C0C0AAEB5_1234567`.`scn_no_payment_methods_available`There
are no valid payment method types for the Checkout
session.`scn_no_resource_lock`A resource lock could not be acquired, the
resource is likely currently being modified by another process. Try again
later.`scn_ns_concurrent_request_limit_exceeded`All NetSuite connections are
being used and the request was limited. Try again
later.`scn_ns_data_center_not_found`A NetSuite connection URL was not found.
Check your account configuration and try
again.`scn_ns_invalid_login_attempt`Failed to connect to NetSuite. Check your
account credentials and try again. This error can also occur intermittently with
correct credentials.`scn_ns_record_changed`The record was modified concurrently
by another process. Try again later.`scn_ns_unexpected_error`An unexpected error
occurred within NetSuite. Try again later.`scn_payment_links_not_enabled` or
`scn_customer_payment_page_not_enabled`The corresponding customer payment page
or invoice payment page feature isn’t enabled on this account. Stripe blocked
creating a [Checkout
Session](https://docs.stripe.com/api/checkkout/sessions).`scn_recent_payment_found`The
customer payment page was used to submit a successful payment within the past 24
hours. Only one payment is allowed per day.`scn_record_not_found`Stripe uses the
internal ID provided in a URL to search NetSuite for the invoice associated with
a payment link. This error can occur if:- An invoice record with the provided
internal ID doesn’t exist
- The invoice record is missing a GUID in the
`custbody_stripe_payment_link_guid` custom field
- The GUID on the invoice record doesn’t match the GUID in the payment link URL
`scn_too_many_parts`The payment link structure is invalid. The GUID must have
exactly two parts separated by an underscore. For example,
`F1783B96F2111D47E053972C0C0AAEB5_1234567`.`scn_unknown_error`An unknown error
occurred. Contact support.`scn_unsupported_record_type`You attempted to created
a payment link from a NetSuite sales order, which isn’t supported.
## Duplicate payments

Stripe and NetSuite handle duplicate payments differently. While Stripe allows
overpayment of an invoice, NetSuite returns an error if a customer attempts to
make a payment on a fully paid invoice. By default, if a duplicate payment
occurs in Stripe, the connector won’t sync the payment because NetSuite doesn’t
allow a second payment.

If a duplicate payment causes an error when the connector attempts to reconcile
the payout during [deposit
automation](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/deposit-automation), you
can fix the issue by manually removing the first payment from the invoice to
allow the second payment.

You can also allow the connector to handle duplicate payments for you. If you
have a NetSuite invoice that’s fully paid, the connector brings over duplicate
payments as unapplied payments in NetSuite. The unapplied payment includes the
following memo: `Stripe Payment Error: could not apply to invoice XYZ.` You can
then use these unapplied payments on another invoice, or refund the payments
manually in Stripe. To search for duplicate payments in NetSuite, create a saved
search using the memo as your criteria.

You can enable the connector to handle duplicate payments in the following ways:

- Allow all duplicate payments in the connector by default. To do so, go to your
connector settings and enable **Allow duplicate invoice payments** in your
Stripe app settings. Contact your implementation partner to understand all
accounting and technical implementations before they enable this feature for
you.
- Using the Stripe API, add the `netsuite_allow_duplicate: true` field in the
metadata of a duplicate Stripe charge.

## Stripe payment link fields

Make sure to configure the following fields correctly.

FieldDescriptionCurrencyThis field is mandatory and must appear on all invoice
templates used with the Stripe payment link.Amount Due / Amount RemainingMake
sure this field appears on the invoice. The URL displays a message to your
customer if either this field isn’t shown, the value is zero, or the invoice has
been paid.
## Hidden GUID field

The `Hidden GUID` field won’t automatically create randomized IDs for invoices
created before you installed the payment links bundle. This includes invoices
created from previous sales orders.

If you receive a large volume of errors as a result of this default
functionality, contact your Stripe representative.

## Bundle updates

When you update the bundle, the `Default Value` configuration resets to the
default settings. You must reconfigure the `Default Value` configuration for it
to function properly again for your customers.

## Permissions

If you require specific permissions to access invoices, make sure to add those
permissions to the `Stripe Limited Access` role (for example, by navigating to
**Lists** > **Tax Details** > **Full**). This allows the connector to access
invoice information to create an invoice payment page.

## Links

- [Stripe
support](https://support.stripe.com/contact/email?topic=third_party_integrations&subject=%5BStripe%20Connector%20for%20NetSuite%20(SCN)%5D)
- [Checkout Session](https://docs.stripe.com/api/checkkout/sessions)
- [deposit
automation](https://docs.stripe.com/connectors/netsuite/deposit-automation)