# Compliant promotional emails

## Follow these best practices to ensure compliant promotional emails.

[Promotional
emails](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/checkout/promotional-emails-consent)
promote a product or service (for example, recovery emails, newsletters, or
promotions) and represent an opportunity to strengthen and expand your
relationship with customers. Read through these best practices for enabling
compliance, but be aware of laws that restrict your ability to use your
customers’ personal data for promotional content—check with your legal counsel
if you’re unsure.

Privacy and marketing laws require companies to notify or gain consent from
customers before sending promotional emails and promptly honor unsubscribe
requests.

#### Caution

Review the callouts which may require specific updates to your documentation or
practices.

## Customer consent

Checkout helps you optimize collection of customer opt-in and opt-out
permissions.

The laws around consent to use personal data such as emails to send promotional
messages differ by country. For US merchants and customers, laws generally allow
sending promotional messages as long as you offer an opt-out opportunity and
honor any unsubscribe requests that you have received. Many rest of world
jurisdictions require an affirmative consent flow.

When you enable promotional emails, Checkout presents a checkbox beneath the
email field that reads “Keep me updated with news and personalized offers.” It
can be unclear which country’s laws apply to a particular transaction. Because
of this, Stripe uses logic that considers both the jurisdiction of your Stripe
account and the IP address of the customer to determine whether the default is
for the checkbox to be checked or unchecked. When our logic determines that
either your Stripe account or the customer is located in a jurisdiction that
requires (or is otherwise advisable to obtain) affirmative consent, by default,
we present such customers with the unchecked checkbox.

This feature can also help you send [abandoned cart or
“recovery"](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/checkout/abandoned-carts) emails,
which are encouraging emails sent to customers who almost made a purchase. In
the case of recovery emails, you only receive the email addresses of prospective
customers who’ve entered their email addresses into your checkout form and have
given permission to receive promotional emails (that is, the email address is
validated and the checkbox is checked when the checkout session expires). We
recommend that you use these emails only for sending recovery emails and limit
targeting broader marketing campaigns to customers who have successfully
completed a purchase and provided consent.

In either case, if the customer notifies you that they don’t want to receive
promotional content or you have another reason to believe they don’t want their
personal data used to send promotional emails, don’t send the emails, despite
the permission provided from Checkout.

## Customer unsubscribe requests

#### Caution

Ensure consumers can unsubscribe and requests are promptly honored.

All promotional emails must include information about the sender and a way for
customers to unsubscribe, and you must promptly honor all unsubscribe requests.
[Customers](https://docs.stripe.com/api/customers) who have unsubscribed
shouldn’t receive promotional emails unless they subsequently express consent.
To make sure you meet requirements in your jurisdiction, provide customers the
opportunity to withdraw their consent or unsubscribe to future marketing content
directly from your website or an easily-accessible customer service process. The
process for withdrawing consent should be as easy as providing consent.

If a customer reaches out to Stripe with a request to delete their personal
information or to stop using it for promotional purposes, Stripe won’t act on
that request. Stripe acts as a service provider/processor to you, and will treat
these unsubscribe requests like other “data subject requests” that Stripe
receives regarding your customers. Stripe will redirect the customer back to you
to respond to, and honor, their requests.

## Privacy policy update

#### Caution

Update your privacy to disclose data collection and usage for promotional
emails.

As outlined in our [Terms of Service](https://stripe.com/legal), you must
disclose the collection and use of your customers’ data for sending promotional
emails in your privacy policy or other privacy notices. Because of the limited
use rights obtained in this checkbox, you may not use the information provided
through this feature for any purposes beyond sending news and promotional emails
unless you explicitly obtain those rights outside of this feature in Checkout.

Checkout’s privacy policy, which is linked on every Checkout session, discloses
that Stripe collects information solely as a service provider to the merchant
and isn’t an independent controller of customer data. We recommend that you also
review your privacy policy before using this feature. Your privacy policy should
disclose to customers all the ways you collect, retain, use, and share data—this
includes the data you collect through Checkout from prospective customers who
visit your webpage but don’t complete a transaction. It would be advisable to
also disclose that you may send them promotional emails based on their opt-in or
opt-out selection during checkout. See the [Stripe Privacy
Center](https://stripe.com/privacy-center/legal) for more information.

## Links

- [Promotional
emails](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/checkout/promotional-emails-consent)
- [abandoned cart or
“recovery"](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/checkout/abandoned-carts)
- [Customers](https://docs.stripe.com/api/customers)
- [Terms of Service](https://stripe.com/legal)
- [Stripe Privacy Center](https://stripe.com/privacy-center/legal)