# Stripe iOS SDK

## Build payments into your iOS mobile app.

The Stripe iOS SDK allows you to accept payments into your iOS app using Swift
or Objective-C. You can use our UI screens, elements, and low-level APIs to
build fully custom payment forms and collect your customer’s payment details.

![Examples of apps using the Address Element, Mobile Payment Element, and Card
Element in an iOS
app.](https://b.stripecdn.com/docs-statics-srv/assets/ios-landing.35eb3fe43605b2b982353f4bdac95840.png)

[Mobile Payment ElementIntegrate the Stripe prebuilt PaymentSheet UI into the
checkout of your iOS
app.Recommended](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment?platform=ios&ui=payment-sheet)[Custom
Payment ElementBuild a custom payment UI using PaymentSheet
FlowController.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment?platform=ios&ui=payment-sheet#ios-flowcontroller)[Card
ElementUse the basic card field in your own payment
UI.Legacy](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/card-element?platform=ios)[Address
ElementAutofill the billing and shipping addresses of your customers quickly and
accurately.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/address-element?platform=ios)[Appearance
APICustomize the look and feel of PaymentSheet to match the design of your
app.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/appearance-api?platform=ios)[Customer
SheetPresent a prebuilt UI for managing a customer’s saved payment
methods.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/customer-sheet?platform=ios)[Apple
PayAdd a separate Apple Pay button to the checkout of your
app.](https://docs.stripe.com/apple-pay?platform=ios)
## See also

- [Stripe iOS SDK on GitHub](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-ios)

## Links

- [Mobile Payment ElementIntegrate the Stripe prebuilt PaymentSheet UI into the
checkout of your iOS
app.Recommended](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment?platform=ios&ui=payment-sheet)
- [Custom Payment ElementBuild a custom payment UI using PaymentSheet
FlowController.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment?platform=ios&ui=payment-sheet#ios-flowcontroller)
- [Card ElementUse the basic card field in your own payment
UI.Legacy](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/card-element?platform=ios)
- [Address ElementAutofill the billing and shipping addresses of your customers
quickly and
accurately.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/address-element?platform=ios)
- [Appearance APICustomize the look and feel of PaymentSheet to match the design
of your app.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/appearance-api?platform=ios)
- [Customer SheetPresent a prebuilt UI for managing a customer’s saved payment
methods.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/customer-sheet?platform=ios)
- [Apple PayAdd a separate Apple Pay button to the checkout of your
app.](https://docs.stripe.com/apple-pay?platform=ios)
- [Stripe iOS SDK on GitHub](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-ios)