# Link with Web Elements

## Embed Link into your custom payment page for faster checkout.

Use [Link](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/link) with Stripe’s [Web
Elements](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/elements) to add one-click checkout
to your custom payment page. Customers new to Link can save their payment
details and shipping information to enable faster checkout in the future.

For information about how your payment integration affects Link, see [Link in
different payment
integrations](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/link/link-payment-integrations).

[Link in the Payment ElementTrigger Link in the Payment Element whenever a
customer selects a supported payment
method.Recommended](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/link/payment-element-link)[Link
in the Express Checkout ElementDisplay Link alongside Apple Pay, Google Pay, and
PayPal using the Express Checkout
Element.Recommended](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/link/express-checkout-element-link)[Explore
the Link Authentication ElementUse the Link Authentication Element to create an
email input field that authenticates Link
customers.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/link/link-authentication-element)[Link
in the Payment Request ButtonLet your customers use Link through the Payment
Request Button and pay with their saved payment
details.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/link/payment-request-button-link)[Link
in the Card ElementSave and autofill your customer’s payment information by
using Link in the Card
Element.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/link/card-element-link)

## Links

- [Link](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/link)
- [Web Elements](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/elements)
- [Link in different payment
integrations](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/link/link-payment-integrations)
- [Link in the Payment ElementTrigger Link in the Payment Element whenever a
customer selects a supported payment
method.Recommended](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/link/payment-element-link)
- [Link in the Express Checkout ElementDisplay Link alongside Apple Pay, Google
Pay, and PayPal using the Express Checkout
Element.Recommended](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/link/express-checkout-element-link)
- [Explore the Link Authentication ElementUse the Link Authentication Element to
create an email input field that authenticates Link
customers.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/link/link-authentication-element)
- [Link in the Payment Request ButtonLet your customers use Link through the
Payment Request Button and pay with their saved payment
details.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/link/payment-request-button-link)
- [Link in the Card ElementSave and autofill your customer’s payment information
by using Link in the Card
Element.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/link/card-element-link)