# Developers Dashboard

## Use the Developers Dashboard to view API request and event activity.

#### Note

[Workbench](https://docs.stripe.com/workbench) replaces the Developers
Dashboard, and we automatically enable it for all new Stripe accounts by
default. Configure this setting from the
[Developers](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/developers) settings in the
Dashboard.

The Developers Dashboard collects information about each request in your
accountâ€”use the Dashboard to view common integration errors, requests that
failed, webhook events, and so on.

## Start with a guide

[View request logsLearn how to filter API request logs and view log entries in
the Developers
Dashboard.](https://docs.stripe.com/development/dashboard/request-logs)[View
events and event object payloadsView events triggered by your account and their
event object payload in the Developers
Dashboard.](https://docs.stripe.com/development/dashboard/events)
## Key features

### Determine the reason a request failed

Manage your Stripe integration from the Developers Dashboard. Find your default
API version and all versions used by your account, or filter API request logs
and view log entries.

### Setup local webhook event listeners

Events are our way of letting you know when something interesting happens in
your account. Use the Developers Dashboard and the Stripe CLI to setup a
webhooks listener on your local machine, then trigger events to test your setup.

### Manage access to your application

All accounts have a *publishable* and *secret* key pair for each sandbox and in
live mode. Use the Developers Dashboard to expire an existing key, restrict
traffic to an IP address, or create a restricted API key for microservices used
by your application.

### Monitor a webhooks integration

When you send an API request, we log one or more events for your account. Use
the Developers Dashboard to view events triggered by your account so you know
which events to monitor in your webhooks integration.

## Links

- [Workbench](https://docs.stripe.com/workbench)
- [Developers](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/developers)
- [View request logsLearn how to filter API request logs and view log entries in
the Developers
Dashboard.](https://docs.stripe.com/development/dashboard/request-logs)
- [View events and event object payloadsView events triggered by your account
and their event object payload in the Developers
Dashboard.](https://docs.stripe.com/development/dashboard/events)