# Cartes Bancaires (CB)

## Learn about Cartes Bancaires, a common payment method in France.

Cartes Bancaires is France’s local card network. More than 95% of these cards
are co-branded with either Visa or Mastercard, meaning you can process these
cards over either Cartes Bancaires or the Visa or Mastercard networks.
Businesses processing co-badged cards in the EEA must provide customers a choice
of which network they prefer at checkout time. See our [guide for co-badged
cards compliance](https://docs.stripe.com/co-badged-cards-compliance) for more
information.

Cartes Bancaires can have a positive effect on your acceptance rate in France.
If a charge is declined on the Cartes Bancaires network for a technical reason,
Stripe [automatically retries the
charge](https://stripe.com/payments/features#authorization) on Visa or
Mastercard’s networks.

Payment method propertiesBusiness locationsProduct support- **Customer
locations**

Europe
- **Presentment currency**

EUR
- **Payment confirmation**

Customer-initiated
- **Payment method family**

Cards
- **Recurring payments**

Yes
- **Payout timing**

Standard payout timing applies
- **Connect support**

Yes
- **Dispute support**

[Yes](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/cartes-bancaires#disputes)
- **Manual capture support**

Yes
- **Multicapture support**

Yes
- **Refunds / Partial refunds**

Yes / Yes

## Availability

If your business isn’t based in France, Cartes Bancaires won’t be fully enabled
until your account has processed 50 EUR from Cartes Bancaires eligible cards.
French Stripe accounts with the “type of business” set as “Particulier /
Micro-entrepreneur / Auto-entrepreneur” are eligible for Cartes Bancaires after
providing their business tax ID in the Dashboard settings.

## Disputes

As with Visa and Mastercard, cardholders can dispute Cartes Bancaires charges.
Because Cartes Bancaires dispute rules are more stringent, there are fewer
reasons that a cardholder can dispute a charge, which on average leads to a
lower dispute rate compared to Visa and Mastercard. Businesses can’t contest
Cartes Bancaires disputes—the dispute fee is 0 Euro on Cartes Bancaires.

## Integration

If you can already [accept card
payments](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment), you can accept
Cartes Bancaires. See the [co-badged cards compliance
guide](https://docs.stripe.com/co-badged-cards-compliance) to learn how to best
handle customer priority selection, and to find multiple test cards that you can
use to test your integration as soon as it’s active. If you require that Cartes
Bancaires is never the default network for any payments, please contact
[support](https://support.stripe.com/contact).

## Links

- [guide for co-badged cards
compliance](https://docs.stripe.com/co-badged-cards-compliance)
- [automatically retries the
charge](https://stripe.com/payments/features#authorization)
- [Yes](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/cartes-bancaires#disputes)
- [accept card payments](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment)
- [support](https://support.stripe.com/contact)