# Stripe Android SDK

## Build a payment experience in your Android mobile app.

The Stripe Android SDK allows you to quickly build a payment flow in your
Android app. We provide powerful and customizable UI elements that you can use
out-of-the-box to collect your users’ payment details. We also expose the
low-level APIs that underpin those UIs so that you can build fully custom
experiences.

![Examples of apps using the Address Element, Mobile Payment Element, and Card
Element in an Android
app.](https://b.stripecdn.com/docs-statics-srv/assets/android-landing.0122e3791f7b50c9ce29b6b74576fd28.png)

[Mobile Payment ElementIntegrate Stripe’s prebuilt PaymentSheet UI into the
checkout of your Android
app.Recommended](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment?platform=android&ui=payment-sheet)[Custom
Payment ElementBuild a custom payment UI using PaymentSheet
FlowController.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment?platform=android&ui=payment-sheet#android-flowcontroller)[Card
ElementUse the basic card field in your own payment
UI.Legacy](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/card-element?platform=android)[Address
ElementAutofill your customers’ billing and shipping addresses quickly and
accurately.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/address-element?platform=android)[Appearance
APICustomize the look and feel of PaymentSheet to match the design of your
app.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/appearance-api?platform=android)[Customer
SheetPresent a prebuilt UI for managing a customer’s saved payment
methods.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/customer-sheet?platform=android)[Google
PayAdd a separate Google Pay button to the checkout of your
app.](https://docs.stripe.com/google-pay?platform=android)
## See also

- [Stripe Android SDK on GitHub](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android)

## Links

- [Mobile Payment ElementIntegrate Stripe’s prebuilt PaymentSheet UI into the
checkout of your Android
app.Recommended](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment?platform=android&ui=payment-sheet)
- [Custom Payment ElementBuild a custom payment UI using PaymentSheet
FlowController.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment?platform=android&ui=payment-sheet#android-flowcontroller)
- [Card ElementUse the basic card field in your own payment
UI.Legacy](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/card-element?platform=android)
- [Address ElementAutofill your customers’ billing and shipping addresses
quickly and
accurately.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/address-element?platform=android)
- [Appearance APICustomize the look and feel of PaymentSheet to match the design
of your app.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/appearance-api?platform=android)
- [Customer SheetPresent a prebuilt UI for managing a customer’s saved payment
methods.](https://docs.stripe.com/elements/customer-sheet?platform=android)
- [Google PayAdd a separate Google Pay button to the checkout of your
app.](https://docs.stripe.com/google-pay?platform=android)
- [Stripe Android SDK on GitHub](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android)