# Design a payments integration

## Learn which payments integration fits your business.

Use Stripe to accept payments for your business online and around the world with
scalable payments solutions. This guide helps you understand which Stripe
payments products and services best fit your business. Explore the differences
between [Checkout and Elements integrations in our interactive
demo](https://checkout.stripe.dev/).

You have to [register](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register) for a [Stripe
account](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/account/activate) and verify your
email before you use any of these products or solutions. After you register, you
can access the Dashboard to manage and configure your account and business.

[Accept payments without codeUse Payment Links to accept payments without a
website or mobile app. Create a payment link to get
started.](https://docs.stripe.com/payment-links/create)[Build a checkout pageUse
Checkout to set up a Stripe-hosted page, embed a payments form, or use payments
embedded
components.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/checkout/quickstarts)[Build an
advanced integrationUse Stripe Elements to build a customizable payments form
and checkout for your
customers.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/quickstart)[Build an in-app
integrationUse Mobile Elements to accept payments in iOS and Android
apps.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/mobile/quickstarts)
## Explore no-code integrations

[Sell and get paid onlineAccept payments without building a website or
app.](https://docs.stripe.com/no-code/get-started#sell-online)[Get and retain
subscribersSupport and automate your subscribers’
lifecycle.](https://docs.stripe.com/no-code/get-started#get-retain-subscribers)[Create
quotes and invoicesCreate, customize, and send invoices from the
Dashboard.](https://docs.stripe.com/no-code/get-started#quotes-invoices)[Accept
payments in personTake payments in person with your iPhone or Android mobile
device.](https://docs.stripe.com/no-code/get-started#in-person)[Accept tips and
donationsOffer customers a way to pay what they
want.](https://docs.stripe.com/no-code/get-started#accept-tips-and-donations)

## Links

- [Checkout and Elements integrations in our interactive
demo](https://checkout.stripe.dev/)
- [register](https://dashboard.stripe.com/register)
- [Stripe account](https://docs.stripe.com/get-started/account/activate)
- [Accept payments without codeUse Payment Links to accept payments without a
website or mobile app. Create a payment link to get
started.](https://docs.stripe.com/payment-links/create)
- [Build a checkout pageUse Checkout to set up a Stripe-hosted page, embed a
payments form, or use payments embedded
components.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/checkout/quickstarts)
- [Build an advanced integrationUse Stripe Elements to build a customizable
payments form and checkout for your
customers.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/quickstart)
- [Build an in-app integrationUse Mobile Elements to accept payments in iOS and
Android apps.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/mobile/quickstarts)
- [Sell and get paid onlineAccept payments without building a website or
app.](https://docs.stripe.com/no-code/get-started#sell-online)
- [Get and retain subscribersSupport and automate your subscribers’
lifecycle.](https://docs.stripe.com/no-code/get-started#get-retain-subscribers)
- [Create quotes and invoicesCreate, customize, and send invoices from the
Dashboard.](https://docs.stripe.com/no-code/get-started#quotes-invoices)
- [Accept payments in personTake payments in person with your iPhone or Android
mobile device.](https://docs.stripe.com/no-code/get-started#in-person)
- [Accept tips and donationsOffer customers a way to pay what they
want.](https://docs.stripe.com/no-code/get-started#accept-tips-and-donations)