# 1099 Tax Support proposed communication guidelines

## Review a proposed communication timeline for communicating with your connected accounts about 1099 Tax forms.

## For platforms using e-delivery with Stripe Express or Connect embedded components to issue 1099 tax forms

We recommend sending a reminder (example below) to connected accounts once
they’ve received their pre-filing confirmation from Stripe. Notifying your
connected accounts about outreach from Stripe helps to make a smoother user
experience during tax season. We’ll send you a heads up email once we start
sending pre-filing confirmation emails to your connected accounts.

Who sends?Email to connected accountsDateStripeGet your [Platform_Name] 2024 tax
forms faster by enabling e-deliveryStarting the week of November 4,
2024PlatformEmail template: Post-Stripe emailAny time after Stripe has sent the
initial pre-filing confirmation email and before filing your 1099s.StripeYour
[Platform_Name] 1099 tax form is readyWhen your platform files in the Stripe
dashboard (must be before January 22, 2025)PlatformEmail template: E-delivery
follow up emailAnytime after you file your 1099s in the Stripe dashboard.
## Stripe email to connected accounts: Get your [Platform_Name] 2024 tax forms faster by enabling e-delivery

Stripe will send a version of these communications starting the week of November
4, 2024.

![An example Stripe email to review draft 1099 tax form
settings](https://b.stripecdn.com/docs-statics-srv/assets/tax-reporting-prever-email-2024.3a2bddb9602387c7cf916aa9b9829a45.png)

An example email from Stripe to a connected account to review draft 1099 tax
forms.

## Email template: Post-Stripe email

We recommend letting your connected accounts know that they should’ve received
information about their 1099 tax forms from Stripe. This is a proposed email
template you can customize for your platform, based on the interface you’ve
selected for e-delivery: [Stripe
Express](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-walkthrough)
or [Connect embedded
components](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-embedded-taxes-walkthrough).

**Reply-to:** [Platform’s preferred email]

**Subject:** Confirm your tax information in your account

**Pre-header:** Please verify your tax information is up to date

**Email :**

*[Platform_Name] partners with Stripe to file 1099 tax forms that report your
earnings or sales activity. You should have received an email from Stripe
([check domain in your communication settings]) with instructions about how to
confirm your tax information and delivery preference to ensure your 1099 tax
form is sent to the right place.*

*Please confirm your information using the link provided in the email from
Stripe. You’ll need to confirm your information is up-to-date to receive your
1099 form for the 2024 tax year. You may be asked a series of security questions
to verify your identity.*

*If you have any questions, visit [https://support.stripe.com/express or
https://support.stripe.com/embedded-connect/topics/1099].*

*What is a 1099 form?* *A 1099-NEC/1099-MISC form summarizes your earnings as an
independent contractor or service provider. It’s provided to you and the IRS, as
well as some US states, if you earned $600 or more in 2024.*

*The 1099-K form summarizes the sales activity of your account. It will be
provided to you and the IRS, as well as some US states, if you processed more
than $5,000 and had more than 0 transactions in 2024.*

*Why do I need to verify my information?* *We want to ensure that information
like your name, address, and Taxpayer Identification Number are up to date so
that your 1099 tax form is accurate and sent to the right place.*

*I didn’t receive an email from Stripe—what should I do?* *Please double check
your spam or junk mail folder for an email with the subject line “Get your
[Platform_Name] 2024 tax forms faster by enabling e-delivery.” If you haven’t
received this email from Stripe, please reach out to [Platform email].*

*When and where can I expect my 1099 tax form?* *1099 tax forms are typically
finalized in January. If you meet the income thresholds above, Stripe will send
you an email to access your 1099 tax form (or mail a paper form if you prefer).*

## Stripe email to connected accounts: Your [Platform_Name] 1099 tax form is ready

Stripe sends a version of this email to your connected accounts after you file
your tax forms in the Connect Dashboard.

![An example email from Stripe to a Rocket Rides connected account to view 1099
tax
form.](https://b.stripecdn.com/docs-statics-srv/assets/tax-reporting-edelivery-email-2024.8e2ee57ace01f94b25d9d97068a0f8e1.png)

An example email from Stripe to a connected account to view their 1099 tax form.
The copy changes slightly if the platform issues a 1099-MISC or 1099-NEC.

## Email template: E-delivery follow up email

We recommend letting your connected accounts know that they should file and
deliver their 1099 after you’ve filed all your 1099 tax forms. This is a
proposed email template you can customize for your platform, based on the
interface you’ve selected for e-delivery: [Stripe
Express](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-walkthrough)
or [Connect embedded
components](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-embedded-taxes-walkthrough).

**Email :**

*Hi there,*

*[Platform_Name] partners with Stripe to file 1099 tax forms that report your
earnings or sales activity. You should have received an email from Stripe
([check domain in your communication settings]) to notify you that your 1099 tax
form has been filed with the IRS and/or state tax authorities. Look for an email
with the subject line, “Your [Platform_Name] 1099 tax form is ready.”*

*Please follow the instructions in the email to view and download your 1099 tax
form. It’s not too late to agree to paperless delivery — just follow the prompts
in your account to opt into paperless delivery. This will allow you to be able
to view and download your 1099 tax form directly from your account.*

*If you have any questions, visit [https://support.stripe.com/express or
https://support.stripe.com/embedded-connect/topics/1099].*

*FAQ*

*What is a 1099 form? A 1099-NEC/1099-MISC form summarizes your earnings as an
independent contractor or service provider. It’s provided to you and the IRS, as
well as some US states, if you earned $600 or more in 2024.*

*The 1099-K form summarizes the sales activity of your account. It will be
provided to you and the IRS, as well as some US states, if you processed more
than $5,000 and had more than 0 transactions in 2024.*

*I didn’t receive an email from Stripe—what should I do? Please double check
your spam or junk mail folder for an email with the subject line “Your
[Platform_Name] 1099 tax form is ready” If you haven’t received this email from
Stripe, please reach out to [Platform’s preferred email].*

## Links

- [Stripe
Express](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-express-dashboard-taxes-walkthrough)
- [Connect embedded
components](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/platform-embedded-taxes-walkthrough)
-
[settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/connect/communication/email_preview?activeProduct=tax_center_invites&domain=stripe.com)
- [https://support.stripe.com/express](https://support.stripe.com/express)
-
[https://support.stripe.com/embedded-connect/topics/1099](https://support.stripe.com/embedded-connect/topics/1099)