# Smart DisputesPublic preview

## Put your disputes on auto-pilot.

Request an invite
Fighting disputes can be an expensive and time-consuming process, Smart Disputes
allows you to automate the evidence collection and submission process for
eligible disputes on card transactions.

[Request
invite](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/smart-disputes#request-an-invite)

!

## Automate dispute management

Managing disputes is time-consuming, and it’s often difficult to know what
evidence to submit. Smart Disputes can help recover revenue and save time when
fighting disputes by automating evidence collection, compilation, and
submission.

![Help save
time.](https://b.stripecdn.com/docs-statics-srv/assets/save-time.f510099858fb56db1483080a8a0324df.png)

![Help recover
revenue.](https://b.stripecdn.com/docs-statics-srv/assets/recover-revenue.af6bf2a5c9b0e7d2926d051d186c0c8d.png)

![No integration
required.](https://b.stripecdn.com/docs-statics-srv/assets/no-integration.26a884bdb47ec61f137f824b51f4e165.png)

**Help save time**

Smart Disputes auto-assembles evidence packets for eligible disputes as soon as
you receive a dispute and submits them prior to the dispute deadline so you
don’t have to spend time fighting them.

**Help recover revenue**

By harnessing AI and insights from Stripe’s network, the evidence packets are
tailored to help you recover disputed revenue.

**No integration required**

Smart Disputes is built into Stripe, so there’s no extra integration work if you
already use Stripe.

## How it works

Smart Disputes uses an AI-powered rules engine to analyze incoming disputes. It
extracts relevant evidence from Stripe’s extensive internal data, your
transaction data, and cardholder data. The system tailors this evidence to the
dispute reason to help you win. Smart Disputes eligibility is determined by
multiple factors, including the dispute reason code, payment method, evidence
availability, evidence relevance, and cost.

When you receive a Smart Disputes eligible dispute, Stripe notifies you by email
and in the Dashboard. If you don’t take any action, Smart Disputes automatically
submits the pre-filled evidence packet just before the dispute times out. This
ensures you don’t miss any deadlines. If you don’t want to use Smart Disputes,
you can respond to the dispute by countering manually, or accepting the dispute
before the deadline.

#### Note

You can also turn off auto-submit in your [Dashboard
settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/disputes).

![Dispute
lifecycle.](https://b.stripecdn.com/docs-statics-srv/assets/dispute-flow.a082c69dafa1503c33d5f7bc7c92cdf4.png)

Each evidence packet is based on data available to Stripe at the time the packet
is generated and you are responsible for ensuring that the data shared with
Stripe is accurate and complete. Disputes countered with Smart disputes are not
guaranteed to be resolved in your favor as the final decision lies with the
issuer but you will only be billed a Smart Disputes fee on disputes that are won
with Smart Disputes. You will incur no Smart Dispute fee on lost disputes.

[See pricing details here](https://stripe.com/pricing).

Smart Disputes is designed to assist you, but it’s not a replacement for
professional advice on handling disputes. We encourage you to take a look at
each situation individually to determine how to respond to the dispute.

## Request an invite

## Interested in using Smart Disputes?

To request an invite, provide your email address.

Collect EmailRequest InviteRead our [privacy
policy](https://stripe.com/privacy).

## Links

- [Dashboard settings](https://dashboard.stripe.com/settings/disputes)
- [See pricing details here](https://stripe.com/pricing)
- [privacy policy](https://stripe.com/privacy)