# More payment scenarios

## Find a payments integration to support your use case.

The [Payment Intents](https://docs.stripe.com/api/payment_intents/create) and
[Setup Intents](https://docs.stripe.com/api/setup_intents/create) APIs handle
any changing regulations and bank behaviors for you. Tell Stripe how you intend
to use a payment method and weâ€™ll route payments in a way that can improve
payment acceptance rates.

[Place a hold on a payment
method](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/place-a-hold-on-a-payment-method)Capture
the funds once you determine the final amount.[Ignore bank
authentication](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/without-card-authentication)Treat
requests for authentication as declined payments.[Build two-step
confirmation](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/build-a-two-step-confirmation)Add
an optional review page after a user enters their payment details.[Collect
payment details before creating an
Intent](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment-deferred)Build an
integration where you render the Payment Element without first creating an
Intent.[Finalize payments on the
server](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/finalize-payments-on-the-server)Build
an integration where you can collect payment details on the client and confirm
payments from the server.[Payment method configurations on dynamic payment
methods](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/payment-method-configurations)Enable
payment methods from the Dashboard and always show the highest converting
payment methods to your customers.[Forward card details to third-party API
endpoints](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/vault-and-forward)Forward card
details stored with Stripe to third-party API endpoints.

## Links

- [Payment Intents](https://docs.stripe.com/api/payment_intents/create)
- [Setup Intents](https://docs.stripe.com/api/setup_intents/create)
- [Place a hold on a payment
method](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/place-a-hold-on-a-payment-method)
- [Ignore bank
authentication](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/without-card-authentication)
- [Build two-step
confirmation](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/build-a-two-step-confirmation)
- [Collect payment details before creating an
Intent](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/accept-a-payment-deferred)
- [Finalize payments on the
server](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/finalize-payments-on-the-server)
- [Payment method configurations on dynamic payment
methods](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/payment-method-configurations)
- [Forward card details to third-party API
endpoints](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/vault-and-forward)