# Webhooks for Climate Orders API

## Learn about webhook events for products and orders.

Stripe uses webhooks to notify your application when an event happens in your
account. Set up a [webhook
endpoint](https://docs.stripe.com/webhooks/quickstart) to listen for product
availability and delivery updates.

## Using product webhook events

### [climate.product.created](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.product.created)

Stripe sends this event when Frontier adds a new product to the [carbon removal
inventory](https://docs.stripe.com/climate/orders/carbon-removal-inventory). Use
this event to keep your application up to date on the latest available products
from Frontier.

### [climate.product.pricing_updated](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.product.pricing_updated)

Stripe sends this event when the price changes for a product. We’ll notify you
by email two weeks in advance, and then send this event when the price changes.
Prices never change for confirmed orders. If we update the availability of a
product, we’ll only notify you through this event.

## Using order webhook events

You receive an event anytime the status of your order changes.

### [climate.order.delivered](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.order.delivered)

When Frontier delivers your order, Stripe sends the
[climate.order.delivered](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.order.delivered)
event. This event confirms that Frontier has received carbon removal from the
supplier, verified the delivery, and retired the carbon removal units on behalf
of you or your designated beneficiary.

### [climate.order.delayed](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.order.delayed)

If Frontier is unable to fulfill your order by the delivery date, Stripe sends
the
[climate.order.delayed](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.order.delayed)
event and an email at least 60 days before the end of the delivery year. The
event includes the order’s updated `expected_delivery_year`.

You can decide whether to accept the delay or [cancel the
order](https://docs.stripe.com/api/climate/order/cancel) within 30 days to
receive a full refund. If you don’t take any action, we’ll attempt to deliver
the tons by the updated `expected_delivery_year`.

### [climate.order.product_substituted](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.order.product_substituted)

If you’re ordering a product from an individual supplier and the supplier fails,
Frontier tries to substitute the product with a similar one from another
supplier in the Frontier portfolio. Stripe sends the
[climate.order.product_substituted](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.order.product_substituted)
event along with an email with replacement details at least 60 days before the
end of the delivery year. If you don’t want a substitute, you can [cancel the
order](https://docs.stripe.com/api/climate/order/cancel) within 30 days and
receive a full refund.

### [climate.order.canceled](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.order.canceled)

If Frontier can’t fulfill your order within 2 years of the original expected
delivery date, you receive a full refund. We expect this to be a rare
circumstance because we actively manage the portfolio to minimize delivery risk.

Frontier makes cancellation decisions at least 60 days before the order is due.
When an order is canceled, Stripe sends an email and the
[climate.order.canceled](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.order.canceled)
event.

## See also

- [Webhooks quickstart](https://docs.stripe.com/webhooks/quickstart)
- [Webhooks best practices](https://docs.stripe.com/webhooks#best-practices)

## Links

- [webhook endpoint](https://docs.stripe.com/webhooks/quickstart)
-
[climate.product.created](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.product.created)
- [carbon removal
inventory](https://docs.stripe.com/climate/orders/carbon-removal-inventory)
-
[climate.product.pricing_updated](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.product.pricing_updated)
-
[climate.order.delivered](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.order.delivered)
-
[climate.order.delayed](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.order.delayed)
- [cancel the order](https://docs.stripe.com/api/climate/order/cancel)
-
[climate.order.product_substituted](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.order.product_substituted)
-
[climate.order.canceled](https://docs.stripe.com/api/events/types#event_types-climate.order.canceled)
- [Webhooks best practices](https://docs.stripe.com/webhooks#best-practices)