# Stripe Shell

## Manage your Stripe resources in a sandbox from the Stripe docs site.

#### Note

[Workbench](https://docs.stripe.com/workbench) also provides
[Shell](https://docs.stripe.com/workbench/shell), which you can access from
anywhere in the Dashboard.

Stripe Shell is an interactive, authenticated, browser-based shell for managing
your Stripe resources in a sandbox. It securely authenticates access anywhere
within the Stripe docs site. Just login to the Stripe docs site and launch the
Stripe Shell with a keyboard shortcut.

## Start with a guide

[Get started with the Stripe ShellLearn how to launch the Stripe Shell and get
started with a YouTube video from Developer
Advocacy.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-shell/launch)[Keyboard shortcuts in
the Stripe ShellLearn about the keyboard shortcuts available for the Stripe
Shell.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-shell/keyboard-shortcuts)
## Key features

### Use your favorite pre-installed tools

Manage your Stripe resources with the Stripe CLI pre-loaded with autocomplete.
No more hunting around for commands—start typing *stripe* and hit the space bar
on your keyboard then click a supported command.

### Use the Stripe Shell to learn new products

Launch the Stripe Shell from the Stripe docs site to easily try out different
combinations of Stripe API requests before writing a line of code.

### Execute Stripe CLI snippets directly in Stripe docs

Run any supported Stripe CLI command directly within the Stripe docs site. When
you click the green *play* button next to any supported CLI command, the Stripe
Shell runs the request and returns an immediate response in the terminal window.

### Use the Stripe CLI for local development

While the Stripe Shell can’t test a webhooks integration on your local server,
it’s still possible to use the Stripe CLI to forward and trigger webhook events
locally. To learn more, see [Test a webhooks integration with the Stripe
CLI](https://docs.stripe.com/webhooks#test-webhook).

## Links

- [Workbench](https://docs.stripe.com/workbench)
- [Shell](https://docs.stripe.com/workbench/shell)
- [Get started with the Stripe ShellLearn how to launch the Stripe Shell and get
started with a YouTube video from Developer
Advocacy.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-shell/launch)
- [Keyboard shortcuts in the Stripe ShellLearn about the keyboard shortcuts
available for the Stripe
Shell.](https://docs.stripe.com/stripe-shell/keyboard-shortcuts)
- [Test a webhooks integration with the Stripe
CLI](https://docs.stripe.com/webhooks#test-webhook)