# Payments analyticsPublic preview

## Learn about the performance of your payments using key metrics and reports.

**Payments analytics** is a page in the Dashboard you can use to monitor and
analyze the performance of your payments. Click **Payments** > **Analytics** to
view reports on payment authentication and card acceptance. You can also use
advanced filters and comparison periods to organize your payments data.

To view certain analytics (such as authentication), your integration must use
[3D Secure (3DS)](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/3d-secure). 3DS is an
authentication method that verifies the identities of customers to help manage
fraud, mitigate liability, and comply with [Strong Customer Authentication
(SCA)](https://docs.stripe.com/strong-customer-authentication) regulations.

## Analyze key metrics and reports

[Acceptance analyticsUnderstand the factors that influence card payments
acceptance, reasons behind payment failures or declines, and ways to maximize
your payments success
rate.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/analytics/acceptance)[Authentication
analyticsAnalyze how 3D Secure impacts your payments success rate for card
payments.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/analytics/authentication)[Payment
methods analyticsLearn which payment methods your customers use most
frequently.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/analytics/payment-methods)[RecommendationsLearn
more about the Stripe recommendations that can increase revenue and improve
fraud
detection.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/analytics/recommendations)[GlossaryUnderstand
the terminology for payments
analytics.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/analytics/glossary)
## Want early access to Payments analytics?

Currently, **Payments analytics** is in public preview. If you want to join the
waitlist for access to this page, submit your email below.

Collect EmailSubmitRead our [privacy policy](https://stripe.com/privacy).

## Links

- [Payments analytics](https://dashboard.stripe.com/acceptance)
- [3D Secure (3DS)](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/3d-secure)
- [Strong Customer Authentication
(SCA)](https://docs.stripe.com/strong-customer-authentication)
- [Acceptance analyticsUnderstand the factors that influence card payments
acceptance, reasons behind payment failures or declines, and ways to maximize
your payments success
rate.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/analytics/acceptance)
- [Authentication analyticsAnalyze how 3D Secure impacts your payments success
rate for card
payments.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/analytics/authentication)
- [Payment methods analyticsLearn which payment methods your customers use most
frequently.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/analytics/payment-methods)
- [RecommendationsLearn more about the Stripe recommendations that can increase
revenue and improve fraud
detection.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/analytics/recommendations)
- [GlossaryUnderstand the terminology for payments
analytics.](https://docs.stripe.com/payments/analytics/glossary)
- [privacy policy](https://stripe.com/privacy)