# Set up BBPOS WisePad 3

## Learn how to set up the BBPOS WisePad 3.

Available in: 

!

The BBPOS WisePad 3 is a handheld reader for use with mobile applications. It
uses Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) or USB (Android only) to
[connect](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/connect-reader?reader-type=bluetooth)
to the Stripe Terminal SDK on a mobile device. The WisePad 3 features a display
and PIN pad, which facilitates use in countries where PIN-authenticated
transactions are more common.

This reader is compatible with our iOS, Android, and React Native SDKs. To view
the reader’s parts and features, see the [BBPOS WisePad 3 product
sheet](https://d37ugbyn3rpeym.cloudfront.net/terminal/product-sheets/wp3_product_sheet.pdf).

#### Warning

Stripe readers aren’t liquid-proof and we recommend that users make appropriate
efforts to make sure their devices remain dry. If your device has experienced
liquid ingress, we recommend that you stop using the device and let it dry
thoroughly before attempting to re-use or charge the device. If your device
doesn’t properly operate or charge properly after drying, you need to replace
it.

## Turn the reader on and off

You can turn on the BBPOS WisePad 3 reader by pressing and holding the power
button, located at the top right of the PIN pad. The display powers on and shows
the device’s splash screen.

The display dims after a few seconds of inactivity. If inactive and disconnected
from your application for more than 5 minutes, it beeps and powers off. Turn off
the reader manually by pressing and holding the power button until the LED
display shows a “Power off?” prompt, then press the green enter button to
confirm.

#### Note

With typical usage, you generally need to [charge the
reader](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-reader/bbpos-wisepad3#charging)
once per day. The reader can typically accept approximately 600 contact or 800
contactless transactions in a single charge cycle.

## Charge the reader

To charge the BBPOS WisePad 3, use the included cable or a USB-A to USB-C cable.

## Default reader language

The [BBPOS WisePad 3](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/readers/bbpos-wisepad3)
supports changing reader language directly in the reader interface. After you
have registered your reader to a
[Location](https://docs.stripe.com/api/terminal/locations), the reader installs
a language pack relevant for your region if one isn’t already in place. To view
available language options and to select a language, click the **Power /
Settings** button and scroll down using the arrow keys until you reach the
language selection menu. Highlight your desired language and press the green
**Enter** key.

## Accessories for the reader

You can design your own accessories for the BBPOS WisePad 3. To download the
BBPOS WisePad 3 mechanical design files (.STP), you must first review and accept
our [Terminal Design File License
Agreement](https://stripe.com/legal/terminal-design). By downloading the file
below, you agree to the terms outlined in the license.

[Download Stripe design
files](https://d37ugbyn3rpeym.cloudfront.net/terminal/bbpos_wp3_mechanical_design_files_and_guidelines.zip)

## See also

- [Set up your
integration](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration)
- [WisePad 3 reference](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/readers/bbpos-wisepad3)

The BBPOS and Chipper™ name and logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of
BBPOS Limited in the United States and/or other countries. The Verifone® name
and logo are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Verifone in the
United States and/or other countries. Use of the trademarks does not imply any
endorsement by BBPOS or Verifone.

## Links

-
[connect](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/connect-reader?reader-type=bluetooth)
- [BBPOS WisePad 3 product
sheet](https://d37ugbyn3rpeym.cloudfront.net/terminal/product-sheets/wp3_product_sheet.pdf)
- [BBPOS WisePad 3](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/readers/bbpos-wisepad3)
- [Location](https://docs.stripe.com/api/terminal/locations)
- [Terminal Design File License
Agreement](https://stripe.com/legal/terminal-design)
- [Download Stripe design
files](https://d37ugbyn3rpeym.cloudfront.net/terminal/bbpos_wp3_mechanical_design_files_and_guidelines.zip)
- [Set up your
integration](https://docs.stripe.com/terminal/payments/setup-integration)