# Tax year changeover

## Learn how to manage tax forms for a new tax year.

#### Getting your 1099 Forms

If you work for a platform that pays you via Stripe and want to learn about your
1099 forms and how to get them, see [1099 tax
forms](https://support.stripe.com/express/topics/1099-tax-forms) on the Stripe
Support site.

# Preparing for tax year changeover

When a new tax year starts, you need to collect financial data for the new year
in a new tax form for the new tax year. This is often before a user completes
and submits tax forms from the previous year and before you provide them to
users on your platform. To view the tax forms for the new year, you need to
change the year selected either on the **Tax reporting** page or on the **Tax
form settings** page.

## About tax year settings

When a new tax year starts, we apply your settings from the previous year to the
new one. If no settings are in place from the previous tax year, the **Tax year
settings** dialog displays so you can configure settings for that tax year.

Tax forms are generated as soon as a new tax year starts and a payment is made.
To see the tax forms that belong to the new tax year, users need to go through a
changeover process. This means they need to enable the tax year picker either on
the tax forms list or on the Tax Forms settings pages, and they need to create
new settings.

## Selecting a tax year

The **Tax reporting** page displays tax forms and settings for the *current tax
year*.

You can display a different tax year by doing one of the following:

- Selecting a new tax year from the drop-down on the **Tax reporting** page
- Selecting a new tax year from the drop-down on the **Tax form settings** page

When you select a tax year from the drop-down for a year that has no activity,
the **Tax form defaults** dialog opens. To activate the tax year, configure and
save the Tax form default settings. If you don’t configure and save settings,
you see the onboarding page when you open the **Tax reporting** page. Select a
different tax year from the drop-down to change to that year.

The selection persists between sessions, so it displays the same tax year when
you next use the Dashboard. This lets you start working with tax forms for the
current year and then switch back to the previous year to file or correct
existing forms.

## Frequently asked questions

The following section provides answers to common questions about tax year
changeover.

### How does the user change between tax years?

Click the small downward arrow next to the current tax year. All available tax
years appear in a dropdown menu. Click one of these years to change the user’s
view to that tax year.

### What is the default tax year?

After the new year’s forms become available, your Dashboard automatically
changes over to that year.

### Does the default tax year reset when you log in? Will it remember what year I last looked at?

The year you select to view persists between logins. If you select to view your
2024 forms, the UI defaults to your 2024 forms when you log back in.

### What determines how many tax years are available to me?

Every time a tax year launches and those forms become available while you have a
Stripe account with [Tax Form
Defaults](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/get-started-tax-reporting) configured,
that year becomes available to you in your drop-down. If you began processing
transactions in 2022, you won’t see 2021 forms in your Dashboard because you
didn’t have an account when those were launched.

### Will I see tax years from before I used Stripe?

No. You only see years that launched while you had a Stripe account.

### Will I see tax years for which I filed no forms?

You are able to see any year in which you previously generated 1099 forms in the
Connect dashboard, regardless of whether or not they were filed.

## Links

- [1099 tax forms](https://support.stripe.com/express/topics/1099-tax-forms)
- [Tax Form Defaults](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/get-started-tax-reporting)