# Common types of online fraud

## Learn about the different kinds of fraud and what your liability is.

A payment is considered fraudulent when the cardholder didn’t authorize it. Most
fraudulent payments are made using stolen cards or card numbers. When a
cardholder is notified that the payment has been made or they review their card
statement, they contact their card issuer to dispute it.

Online fraud is fundamentally different to fraud that occurs at brick-and-mortar
businesses as it’s harder to be certain that the person you’re selling to is who
they say they’re. Some fraudulent actors adopt more sophisticated methods than
just trying to make purchases on a stolen card. When accepting payments online,
it’s important to be aware of the different kinds of fraud and what your
liability is.

## Suspected fraud

Stripe’s machine learning system continuously monitors all payments processed by
our users. In rare cases, you might receive a notification from Stripe that we
suspect a payment is fraudulent after the card issuer authorizes it. This can
occur if we detect subsequent activity on the card that now suggests it’s being
used fraudulently.

Although we notify you as soon as we become aware of any suspicious activity, it
might be several days after a payment is made. Keep in mind that this prediction
isn’t a guarantee that a payment is fraudulent—only that we have reason to
believe it is.

We provide this information to you to make sure that you can make an informed
decision and take action where necessary (for example, contact the customer or
place their order on hold). If you have any concerns about the payment after
reviewing it, consider [refunding it
immediately](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/prevention/best-practices#consider-proactively-refunding-suspicious-payments)
to proactively prevent a dispute and avoid a dispute fee.

#### Caution

While a customer can’t dispute fully refunded payments, they can dispute
partially refunded payments. Card network rules even allow for a payment that
was partially refunded to be disputed for the full payment amount.

## Stolen cards

This type of fraud makes use of stolen credit or card details to make a purchase
online. The fraudulent actor might be in possession of a physical card, but it’s
more likely that the cardholder’s details were stolen electronically. A business
ships goods or provides service to the fraudulent actor, with the assumption
that the payment is legitimate.

If a cardholder hasn’t realized yet that their card is lost or stolen (and so
hasn’t notified the card issuer), you can still process payments successfully.
Even if a payment isn’t declined, this doesn’t mean that it was authorized.

After the cardholder discovers the fraudulent use of their card, they dispute
the payment with the card issuer. If the dispute is resolved in favor of the
cardholder, the business suffers a loss equal to the amount of the payment, and
the cost of any goods or services already provided. The business is also subject
to a dispute fee.

### Overpayment fraud

Overpayment fraud (also known as a [payout](https://docs.stripe.com/payouts)
scam) is a variant of stolen card fraud. The fraudulent actor presents
themselves as requiring the services of a third-party service in connection with
the purchase. The fraudulent actor then offers to pay the seller the cost of the
goods, an extra sum for the fraudulent third-party, and often an additional
convenience (tip) for accommodating the request. The fraud being committed here
is that the third-party service doesn’t exist—the fraudulent actor has taken the
additional funds while the seller is left with a dispute.

For example, an online antique business may be approached by a fraudulent actor
claiming to live overseas. They request that the business use their preferred
freight company, who they ask the business to make payment to. Using stolen card
information, the fraudulent actor pays the business for the goods and fake
freight fee, and includes a gratuity for the seller as an incentive.

The business complies and pays the fee to this fake freight company but no
shipment ever occurs because there is no legitimate shipper. The actual
cardholder discovers the unauthorized payment and disputes it with their card
issuer. The payment is automatically refunded and a dispute fee deducted, even
though they’ve already paid out funds separately to a fraudulent third-party.

## Card testing

This is the practice of testing a card (or multiple cards) on one site to see if
it’s still valid before using it on another site to make a fraudulent payment.
Sites with free text fields, such as donation sites and “pay what you like”
e-commerce businesses, are predominately the targets of card testing.
Implementing [CAPTCHA](http://captcha.net/) or rate-limiting charges can help
combat this type of fraud. To learn more see, [Protect yourself from card
testing](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/prevention/card-testing).

## Alternative refunds

In this form of fraud, the fraudulent actor deliberately pays more than was
required, then contacts the business, and claims they accidentally entered the
wrong amount. The fraudulent actor requests a partial refund to rectify this,
but claims they have closed the card that was used and would like a refund sent
using an alternative method that’s outside of the card network (for example,
check or wire transfer).

For example, a fraudulent actor donates 500 USD to a charity and contacts them
shortly after to say that it should have been a 50 USD donation. The fraudulent
actor asks for the return of 450 USD using a different method, so no refund is
made back to the original card. When the legitimate cardholder disputes the
fraudulent payment, the charity isn’t only responsible for the disputed amount,
they have also lost the amount sent using the alternative method.

Never refund payments using a different method than the one originally used. If
a card has legitimately been closed, you can still perform a refund. The
customer should then contact that card issuer to arrange the funds to be
retrieved.

## Marketplace fraud

If you run a marketplace business (such as a
[Connect](https://docs.stripe.com/connect) platform) where your users are
responsible for providing service to your customers, this type of fraud occurs
when a fraudulent business takes payments without providing the services or
goods to customers.

For example, a marketplace that connects buyers and sellers can run the risk of
a seller taking payment from the buyer and not sending the goods. In such cases,
if the funds can’t be recovered from the seller,
[responsibility](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/account-balances#accounting-for-negative-balances)
for the disputed amount and fee is ultimately on the platform.

## Friendly fraud

Friendly fraud—also known as “first-party misuse” or “first-party fraud”—occurs
when a legitimate cardholder makes a purchase, but then disputes it at a later
date. This can either be accidental, because they didn’t recognize the
transaction on their statement, or deliberate (for example, due to buyer’s
remorse or as an attempt to fraudulently obtain merchandise without paying).

It can be difficult to know whether friendly fraud has occurred, especially in
digital sales. For those selling physical goods, shipping to a verified billing
address and requiring signature on delivery can help combat this. In addition,
having clear return policies prominently displayed at checkout to which the
customer must agree prior to making a purchase can also help.

[Visa Compelling Evidence
3.0](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/categories#visa-ce-30) established new
rules to challenge friendly fraud by showing previous non-fraud transactions
with the same cardholder within a specified period. Stripe supports Visa CE 3.0
by identifying qualifying transactions in your history on our platform to
determine eligibility for evidence submission under the Visa CE 3.0 rules. We
then pre-populate the dispute response with most of the required evidence you
need to significantly increase your likelihood of overturning the dispute in
your favor. You can also self select previous non-fraud transactions and submit
them to Visa as CE 3.0 using the [Stripe
API](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/api/visa-ce3).

## See also

- [Verification
checks](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/prevention/verification)
- [Best practices for preventing
fraud](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/prevention/best-practices)
- [Identifying
fraud](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/prevention/identifying-fraud)
- [Using Radar with Connect](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/radar)

## Links

- [early fraud
warning](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/how-disputes-work#early-fraud-warnings)
- [refunding it
immediately](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/prevention/best-practices#consider-proactively-refunding-suspicious-payments)
- [payout](https://docs.stripe.com/payouts)
- [CAPTCHA](http://captcha.net/)
- [Protect yourself from card
testing](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/prevention/card-testing)
- [Connect](https://docs.stripe.com/connect)
-
[responsibility](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/account-balances#accounting-for-negative-balances)
- [Visa Compelling Evidence
3.0](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/categories#visa-ce-30)
- [Stripe API](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/api/visa-ce3)
- [Verification
checks](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/prevention/verification)
- [Best practices for preventing
fraud](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/prevention/best-practices)
- [Identifying
fraud](https://docs.stripe.com/disputes/prevention/identifying-fraud)
- [Using Radar with Connect](https://docs.stripe.com/connect/radar)