# Advanced error handling

## Learn how to understand errors at the HTTP level.

This page covers two advanced error handling topics:

- [HTTP responses that represent
errors](https://docs.stripe.com/error-low-level#errors-in-http)
- [Idempotency and retries](https://docs.stripe.com/error-low-level#idempotency)

This information might not apply to you. Stripe’s official
[SDKs](https://docs.stripe.com/sdks) can handle most details involving HTTP and
retries. If you use a client library, start here:

- [Error handling](https://docs.stripe.com/error-handling)
- [Error codes](https://docs.stripe.com/error-codes)

## Errors in HTTP

Even when an API call fails, our client libraries make error information
available by [raising an exception or returning an error
value](https://docs.stripe.com/error-handling). But if you don’t use a client
library, or if an unusual situation arises, you might need low-level details
about HTTP responses and when we emit them.

From an HTTP point of view, errors fall into three major categories:

- [Content error](https://docs.stripe.com/error-low-level#content-errors):
Invalid content in the API request.
- [Network error](https://docs.stripe.com/error-low-level#network-errors):
Intermittent communication problems between client and server.
- [Server error](https://docs.stripe.com/error-low-level#server-errors): A
problem on Stripe’s servers.

Each type of error requires a different approach and idempotency semantics. [A
full listing of response
codes](https://docs.stripe.com/error-low-level#status-codes) and their meaning
is provided at the end of this page.

### Content errors

Content errors result from invalid content of an API request. They return an
HTTP response with a `4xx` [response
code](https://docs.stripe.com/api/errors#errors-code). For example, the API
servers might return a `401` if you provided an invalid API key, or a `400` if a
required parameter was missing. Integrations should correct the original
request, and try again. Depending on the type of user error (for example, a card
being declined), it might be possible to handle the problem programmatically. In
these cases, include a `code` field to help an integration react appropriately.
See [error codes](https://docs.stripe.com/error-codes) for more details.

For a `POST` operation using an idempotency key, as long as an API method began
execution, Stripe’s API servers will cache the results of the request regardless
of what they were. A request that returns a `400` sends back the same `400` if
followed by a new request with the same idempotency key. Generate a fresh
idempotency key when modifying the original request to get a successful result.
This operation does contain some caveats. For example, a request that’s rate
limited with a `429` can produce a different result with the same idempotency
key because rate limiters run before the API’s idempotency layer. The same goes
for a `401` that omitted an API key, or most `400`s that sent invalid
parameters. Even so, the safest strategy where `4xx` errors are concerned is to
always generate a new idempotency key.

### Network errors

Network errors are the result of connectivity problems between client and
server. They return low-level errors, like socket or timeout exceptions. For
example, a client might time out while trying to read from Stripe’s servers, or
an API response might never be received because a connection terminates
prematurely. Although a network error *seems* like it will succeed after you fix
the connectivity problems, sometimes there’s another type of error hiding in the
intermittent problem.

This class of errors is where the value of idempotency keys and request retries
is most obvious. When intermittent problems occur, clients are usually left in a
state where they don’t know whether or not the server received the request. To
get a definitive answer, they should retry such requests with the same
idempotency keys and the same parameters until they’re able to receive a result
from the server. Sending the same idempotency with different parameters produces
an error indicating that the new request didn’t match the original.

Most client libraries can generate idempotency keys and retry requests
automatically, but need to be configured to do so. They perform their first
retry quickly after the first failure, and subsequent retries on an exponential
backoff schedule, the assumption being that a single failure is often a random
occurrence, but a pattern of repeated failures likely represents a chronic
problem.

```
Stripe.max_network_retries = 2
```

### Server errors

Server errors result from a problem with Stripe’s servers. They return an HTTP
response with a `5xx` error code. These errors are the most difficult to handle
and we work to make them as rare as possible, but a good integration handles
them when they do arise.

As with user errors, the idempotency layer caches the result of `POST` mutations
that result in server errors (specifically `500`s, which are internal server
errors), so retrying them with the same idempotency key usually produces the
same result. The client can retry the request with a new idempotency key, but we
advise against it because the original key may have produced side effects.

You should treat the result of a `500` request as indeterminate. The most likely
time to observe one is during a production incident, and generally during such
an incident’s remediation. Stripe engineers examine failed requests and try to
appropriately reconcile the results of any mutations that result in `500`s.
While the idempotency-cached response to those requests won’t change, we’ll try
to fire [webhooks](https://docs.stripe.com/webhooks) for any new objects created
as part of Stripe’s reconciliation. The exact nature of any retroactive changes
in the system depends heavily on the type of request. For example, if creating a
charge returns a `500` error but we detect that the information has gone out a
payment network, we’ll try to roll it forward. If not, we’ll try to roll it
back. If this doesn’t resolve the issue, you may still see requests with a `500`
error that produce user-visible side effects.

#### Caution

Treat requests that return `500` errors as indeterminate. Although Stripe tries
to reconcile their partial state in the most appropriate manner and also fire
[webhooks](https://docs.stripe.com/webhooks) for new objects that are created,
ideal results are not guaranteed.

To let your integration handle the widest range of `500`s, configure webhook
handlers to receive event objects that you never receive in normal API
responses. One technique for cross-referencing these new objects with the data
from an integration’s local state is to send in a local identifier with the
[metadata](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata) when creating new resources
with the API. That identifier appears in the metadata field of an object going
out through a webhook, even if the webhook is generated later as part of
reconciliation.

## Idempotency

[Idempotency](https://stripe.com/blog/idempotency) is a web API design principle
defined as the ability to apply the same operation multiple times without
changing the result beyond the first try. It makes it safe to retry API requests
in some situations—in particular, when the first request gets no response
because of a network error. Because a certain amount of intermittent failure is
to be expected, clients need a way of reconciling failed requests with a server,
and idempotency provides a mechanism for that.

Most client libraries can generate idempotency keys and retry requests
automatically, but you need to configure it. For finer-grained control over
retries, generate [idempotency
keys](https://docs.stripe.com/api/idempotent_requests) and write your own logic
for retries.

### GET and DELETE requests

The Stripe API guarantees the idempotency of `GET` and `DELETE` requests, so
it’s always safe to retry them.

### POST requests

Including an [idempotency key](https://docs.stripe.com/api/idempotent_requests)
makes `POST` requests idempotent, which prompts the API to do the record keeping
required to prevent duplicate operations. Clients can safely retry requests that
include an idempotency key as long as the second request occurs within 24 hours
from when you first receive the key (keys expire out of the system after 24
hours). For example, if a request to create an object doesn’t respond because of
a network connection error, a client can retry the request with the same
idempotency key to guarantee that no more than one object is created.

### Sending idempotency keys

Idempotency keys are sent in the `Idempotency-Key` header. Use them for all
`POST` requests to the Stripe API. Most official client libraries can send them
automatically, as long as they’re configured to send retries.

If you decide to [send idempotency keys
manually](https://docs.stripe.com/api/idempotent_requests), make sure the tokens
being used are sufficiently unique to unambiguously identify a single operation
within your account over the last 24 hours, at a minimum. There are two common
strategies for generating idempotency keys:

- Use an algorithm that generates a token with enough randomness, like UUID v4.
- Derive the key from a user-attached object, like the ID of a shopping cart.
This provides a relatively straightforward way to protect against double
submissions.

To identify a previously executed response that’s being replayed from the
server, look for the header `Idempotent-Replayed: true`.

### The Stripe-Should-Retry header

A client library can’t always determine with certainty if it should retry based
solely on a status code or content in the response body. The API responds with
the `Stripe-Should-Retry` header when it has additional information that the
request is retryable.

- `Stripe-Should-Retry` set to `true` indicates that a client should retry the
request. Clients should still wait some amount of time (probably determined
according to an exponential backoff schedule) before making the next request so
as not to overload the API.
- `Stripe-Should-Retry` set to `false` means that a client should *not* retry
the request because it won’t have an additional effect.
- `Stripe-Should-Retry` not set in the response indicates that the API can’t
determine whether or not it can retry the request. Clients should fall back to
other properties of the response (like the status code) to make a decision.

The retry mechanisms built into Stripe’s client libraries respect
`Stripe-Should-Retry` automatically. If you’re using one of them, you don’t need
to handle it manually.

## HTTP Status Code Reference

200OKEverything worked as expected.400Bad RequestThe request was unacceptable,
often due to missing a required parameter.401UnauthorizedNo valid API key
provided.402Request FailedThe parameters were valid but the request
failed.403ForbiddenThe API key doesn’t have permissions to perform the
request.409ConflictThe request conflicts with another request (perhaps due to
using the same [idempotent](https://docs.stripe.com/error-low-level#idempotency)
key).429Too Many RequestsToo many requests hit the API too quickly. [We
recommend an exponential backoff of your
requests](https://docs.stripe.com/error-low-level#should-retry).500, 502, 503,
504Server Errors[Something went wrong on Stripe’s
end.](https://docs.stripe.com/error-low-level#server-errors)

## Links

- [SDKs](https://docs.stripe.com/sdks)
- [Error handling](https://docs.stripe.com/error-handling)
- [Error codes](https://docs.stripe.com/error-codes)
- [response code](https://docs.stripe.com/api/errors#errors-code)
- [webhooks](https://docs.stripe.com/webhooks)
- [metadata](https://docs.stripe.com/api/metadata)
- [Idempotency](https://stripe.com/blog/idempotency)
- [idempotency keys](https://docs.stripe.com/api/idempotent_requests)